what did james k polk do before he was president?
who plays ken barlow in coronation street?
who is governor of ohio 2011?
who was vice president after kennedy died?
who did george w. bush run against for the second term?
who did jackie robinson first play for?
who was the first dictator of the soviet union?
who plays the voice of kitt in knight rider?
what type of cancer did eva peron have?
who was vice president when jfk was president?
who did armie hammer play in the social network?
who did the voice of darth vader in episode 3?
what super bowl did peyton manning win?
who fought in the gulf war 1991?
who plays london tipton in suite life on deck?
what team did david beckham play for in 2011?
what are abraham sons names?
who is gimli's father in the hobbit?
what year did the seahawks win the superbowl?
who played bilbo in lord of the rings?
who was the leader of the us during wwii?
who rules denmark right now?
what type of government does iraq have now?
who did gerald ford select as his vice president when he became president?
when did florida marlins join mlb?
who did the chargers draft in 2011?
who plays the voice of brian on family guy?
what year was the first miss america pageant held?
who was the soviet leader during world war ii?
where did mitt romney's parents come from?
when did michael jordan return to the nba?
what type of government does germany have now?
what kind of government does libya have today?
who plays captain kirk in star trek?
who does albert pujols play for 2012?
what type of government was formed when italy unified?
who is richard pryor son?
who does donnie wahlberg play in the sixth sense?
what was the first book charles dickens wrote?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs were in the stanley cup finals?
what team is hank baskett on 2010?
what does joey jordison play in slipknot?
who was the first president of the afl?
who does brian dawkins play for 2011?
what happened in bosnia in the 90s?
when's the last time the steelers won the superbowl?
what part did winona ryder play in star trek?
who is princess leia in star wars?
who played obi wan in episode 2?
what team did ronaldo play for in 2003?
where does robin williams live 2011?
who played jacob black in twilight?
what team did adrian peterson play for in college?
who plays blaine in batman?
who plays stephanie plum in one for the money?
who was philip in acts chapter 8?
what is the largest nation in europe?
where was the first gulf war fought?
who are the senators of virginia 2013?
what is the second biggest state in the united states?
who voiced darth vader?
who is louisiana state senator?
what school did martin luther king jr received his doctorate degree from?
who is in charge of libya now?
when is the last time the ravens won a superbowl?
when did liverpool fc last win the champions league?
who does jeremy shockey play for in 2012?
what college did deion sanders jr go to?
what was queen elizabeth ii childhood nickname?
who plays elena gilbert on vampire diaries?
what year did ray allen join the nba?
who is the president of costa rica in 2012?
who did nasri play for before arsenal?
what currency does the czech republic use now?
who are the senators of hawaii 2012?
who is the president of the european union 2012?
when the atlanta braves won the world series?
what was the first language spoken in spain?
what language do most people speak in afghanistan?
what role did paul mccartney play in the beatles?
when did juventus win the champions league?
where is french spoken most?
what team is reggie bush on 2011?
who won fa cup 1976?
who plays chuck bass in gossip girl?
what countries have territories in oceania?
what is the name of the book hitler wrote in jail?
what kind of government does japan have now?
who was selena gomez in barney and friends?
who plays caesar flickerman in the hunger games?
who was president in 1988 in the united states?
who owns google 2012?
who is the governor of indiana 2009?
who is the newly elected governor of california?
who plays roxanne in ghost rider?
who does michael keaton play in cars?
who became president when henry harrison died?
what war did the us lose the most soldiers?
when is the last time the giants won the world series?
what team does cristiano ronaldo play for 2011?
who are the virginia senators 2013?
who will coach carolina panthers in 2013?
who is the governor of pennsylvania state now?
where was jesus after he died on the cross?
who voiced darth vader in the original star wars movies?
who was the leader of the first communist party of china?
when did the detroit pistons last win the championship?
what years did joe montana win super bowl?
what year did the golden state warriors win their first nba championship?
who is the king of cambodia now?
what team did messi play for in 2010?
what jobs did john adams have before he was president?
what was van halen first album?
what was pink floyd's first album?
who did brett gardner play for in 2008?
who plays dwight in the office?
what basketball player is married to monica?
when is the last time the denver broncos won the superbowl?
who was the vice president under ronald reagan?
what part did jeff conaway play in grease?
who was queen victoria's husband?
what happened to dunkirk during ww2?
who played donna on west wing?
who played meg in season 1 of family guy?
when was the last time the dallas cowboys won the superbowl?
when was the last time knicks won the championship?
who was the prime minister of pakistan in 1999?
who plays charlie in the santa clause movies?
who did steve spurrier play pro football for?
who played captain kirk in star trek movie?
who played dana scully in x files?
who was the original voice of meg griffin on family guy?
who did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
who does amy stiller play in dodgeball?
who does mila kunis play on family guy?
who played damien in the omen 2006?
who played denver in four christmases?
who is the current governor of arizona 2010?
who is lamar odom playing for this year?
who originally voiced meg on family guy?
who did viggo mortensen play in lord of the rings?
what team does david beckham play for in 2012?
what was the currency used in france before the euro?
who played samantha stephens in bewitched?
who does ronaldinho play for now 2011?
who did johnny depp play in corpse bride?
who is amy grant's first husband?
who did jennifer lawrence play in x men?
who is the governor of virginia 2011?
what role did george lucas play in star wars?
what is the capital of italy today?
what club does cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
who played carlton lassiter on psych?
when does ziva start on ncis?
who did shaq first play for?
who plays eowyn in lord of the rings?
where is augusta masters 2012?
who did terrell owens play for in 2010?
what year did baltimore ravens win super bowl?
when did carolina panthers go to superbowl?
who was president after franklin d. roosevelt?
how many kids were there in the kennedy family?
what country did hitler invade that started ww2?
what kind of government does iran have after 1979?
where did harper lee attend high school?
what college did jrr tolkien go to?
who won the league cup in 2002?
what the largest city in spain?
what college did john nash go to?
who played bilbo in the fellowship of the ring?
what is the most populated state in united states?
who did tom hanks play in apollo 13?
what team does jeremy lin play for 2013?
who are the u s senators of pennsylvania?
what team did peyton manning's dad play for?
where was john f kennedy when he got shot?
what type of government does italy have 2011?
who is the leader of libya 2011?
who played darth vader at the end of return of the jedi?
who was canadian prime minister in 1993?
who is the current ohio state senator?
when was the last time the boston bruins went to the stanley cup?
who did woody harrelson play on cheers?
who was the secretary of state when andrew jackson was president?
who plays anakin skywalker in star wars 1?
who owns chrysler corporation 2011?
who is running for vice president with barack obama 2012?
who are the 9 justices of the supreme court 2011?
who played carmen cortez in spy kids?
where does kate middleton live 2012?
what character did billy d williams play in star wars?
when is the last time the pittsburgh steelers won a superbowl?
how many languages do they speak in switzerland?
where was the first microsoft headquarters located?
who is ryan reynolds married to 2012?
who was president after william henry harrison?
what year did seattle seahawks go to the super bowl?
what is the official language of brazil now?
when's the last time the mets won the world series?
where is the mts iceplex in winnipeg?
what are the most popular religions in israel?
what honor did agatha christie receive in 1971?
who won fedex cup 2012?
who played alf on tv show?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play?
who was the voice of darth vader in the original star wars movie?
who is the leader of north korea today?
what country did the battle of san juan hill take place?
what kind of government does the united states have currently?
when was the last time the orioles won the world series?
what is the most common language in norway?
who is the governor of arizona 2009?
what was benedict arnold most famous for?
who plays lex luthor on smallville?
when was the last time the la kings won a playoff series?
what is president nixon's first name?
what year did houston rockets win their first championship?
where do most of the people live in russia?
who plays nicholas newman on the young and the restless?
who is the voice of eric cartman on south park?
where did the second battle of ypres occur?
who plays ziva david on ncis?
who ruled after king henry viii died?
who is the prime minister of spain 2011?
who does michael oher play for in 2010?
what was wayne gretzky's first team?
who are the senators of new jersey now?
what team does messi play for 2011?
who plays robin hood in prince of thieves?
who does alyson stoner play in camp rock?
who plays the role of tony dinozzo on ncis?
what was franklin d roosevelt's job before president?
what are the names of ariel's six sisters?
what voices does seth macfarlane play on family guy?
who played darth vader in the first movie?
who did james franco play in milk?
when was the last time the dodgers won a championship?
which country in europe has the largest land area?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs win the stanley cup?
who played stanley kowalski in a streetcar named desire movie?
what book did charles darwin wrote in 1859?
what was the last movie sean connery was in?
who plays timon's voice in the lion king?
who played berger in sex and the city?
who won the 2000 fa cup final?
what team did david beckham play for before la galaxy?
who is the current leader of france 2010?
what character did natalie portman play in star wars?
what character did john noble play in lord of the rings?
what high school did president bill clinton attend?
what form of government does russia have today?
who was ishmael's mom?
what is cher's son's name?
what is the name of the first harry potter novel?
what is the first book sherlock holmes appeared in?
what was tupac name in juice?
who does maggie grace play in taken?
what style of music did louis armstrong play?
what character did brian austin green play on 90210?
what college did matt lauer attend?
what countries did queen victoria reign over?
who plays meg in family guy?
what high school did tim allen go to?
what is the world's tallest building in dubai called?
who is the current president of the dominican republic in 2010?
who plays lola bunny in the looney tunes show?
where was kennedy when he got shot?
what was the name of the original seattle baseball team?
where did the houston oilers football team go?
who is the governor of kentucky 2012?
who is the senator of the united states 2010?
where did the massive allied invasion of northern france take place in june 1944?
what is the second percy jackson book called?
where is jay cutler now?
what are the 5 biggest cities in the usa?
who did ben stiller play in megamind?
what college did kevjumba?
who does david james play for 2011?
when did jennifer lopez start on in living color?
what character does ellen play in finding nemo?
when was the last time the ny giants were in the super bowl?
who is the new senator of montana?
who is julia roberts married to 2012?
who owns aston martin 2012?
who will david beckham play for in 2013?
what did abraham lincoln do before he was president?
who did elton john marry first?
what is the name of the book hitler wrote while in prison?
who voiced meg in the pilot?
who plays lois lane in superman returns?
who is the voice of stewie griffin from family guy?
when did joe walsh leave the eagles?
who does billy beane work for now?
where did deion sanders play baseball?
who is the new governor of oregon?
what movies has taylor lautner been in 2011?
who was mary's mother?
what is the government of spain today?
what college did jeff corwin go to?
who played maxie jones on general hospital?
when was the last dallas cowboys super bowl win?
who was the first russian president?
who voiced darth vader in revenge of the sith?
who plays princess padme in star wars?
who played dumbledore in the first movie?
who does kris humphries play for in the nba?
what team did tim tebow play for in college?
who is the prime minister of ethiopia now?
who played lois lane in superman 1?
what was elie wiesel's father's name?
who played dorothy in the wizard of oz movie?
where was the earthquake in chile 2010?
what type of government does nigeria have today?
what did hans oersted discovered in 1819?
what is the very first harry potter book?
what kourtney kardashian name her daughter?
what kind of government does chile have today?
who played luke skywalker in star wars episode 4?
who does dominic monaghan play in lord of the rings?
who is the senator of connecticut 2010?
when was the last time the dallas cowboys went to the super bowl?
what position did george washington serve in the constitutional convention?
what did farrah dad do?
what college did lil wayne graduated from?
what state did thomas jefferson live in?
who is kobe bryant dad?
what was the title of the first book dr. seuss wrote?
who is the governor of hawaii now?
when did herbert hoover become president?
what voice does hank azaria do on the simpsons?
what year was the cubs last world series?
who is playing hawkeye in the avengers movie?
who was king or queen after victoria?
when was the last time the oakland raiders were in the super bowl?
who is the house of representatives made up of?
where did bob barker grow up?
who played juni in spy kids 4?
who runs the cornelia marie now?
what countries are in the andean region?
when was the last time the san francisco giants won a world series?
what country was george washington from?
what is the current government system in france?
what team does kris humphries play for in 2011?
where did martin luther king junior go to college?
who was carrie underwood in soul surfer?
who plays lois griffin in family guy?
who was the leader of the soviet union in 1945?
where did robbie hummel go to high school?
what year did the cleveland indians go to the world series?
who does danneel harris play on one tree hill?
who was the colts coach in 2011?
what was omar epps first movie?
who did the baltimore ravens draft in 2011?
who won the governor election in puerto rico?
who does michael oher play for in 2009?
what team does lamar odom play for 2011?
what date did the san francisco giants win the world series?
what province is canada's capital located in?
what college did magic johnson go to?
what is the last movie brittany murphy made?
what type of government does australia currently have?
what year did tim duncan enter the nba?
who played alf on the tv show?
who was johnny cash's first wife?
what airport is in kauai hawaii?
what three continents touch the atlantic ocean?
who is the prime minister of new zealand now?
who is nina dobrev playing in perks of being a wallflower?
what middle school did barack obama attend?
who won 2012 presidential election in france?
what year michael jordan came in the nba?
who is leann rimes with now?
who is the current leader of china today?
who played forrest gump as a kid?
who played todd manning on one life to live?
who won london mayoral elections 2012?
who is ruling tunisia now?
who played eowyn in the lord of the rings movies?
where did michael jordan play high school basketball?
when did manchester united first win a trophy?
what films did hans zimmer wrote music for?
who is the leader of france 2012?
who is raquel welch's daughter?
what was liam neeson's character in star wars?
who is the present chief justice of the u.s. supreme court?
what is chris paul's son name?
who does josh hutcherson play in the hunger games?
who plays claire in lost?
who does jamie campbell bower play in breaking dawn?
when did the raiders win the superbowl?
who is hugh hefner dating now in 2012?
when did braves win the world series?
what is the name of walt disney's son?
who was governor of texas in 2003?
what are five countries that border france?
where was hockey world cup 2010 held?
who is the speaker of the house of representatives currently?
when did sean murray first appear on ncis?
which team does ronaldinho play for 2013?
what team does drogba play for 2013?
who does the voice of lois in family guy?
who played princess leia from star wars?
who is the current queen of australia?
who founded the sisters of saint joseph?
who shot and killed president john f kennedy?
what characters does trey parker voice?
when did the 7th harry potter book come out?
who is the current coach of the chicago bulls?
what kind of government does the united states have today?
who does christopher walken play in batman returns?
who played samuel sullivan in heroes?
who became president when jfk was killed?
what character does mila kunis play on family guy?
who played anakin skywalker in phantom menace?
who was killed first tupac or biggie?
who won the nobel peace prize in 2007?
who plays sarah wittle in jumanji?
who does paul bettany play in the avengers?
who is the governor of colorado 2009?
who is prime minister of japan 2011?
who is the new governor of florida 2011?
what 5 countries border ethiopia?
where did anne frank live before the war?
who is the leader of cuba 2012?
what is the boston celtics current roster?
who is prime minister of japan 2012?
what is the current government of vietnam?
who did kat graham play in parent trap?
who plays young lex luthor in smallville?
who is lamar odom playing for in 2012?
who plays jackson gibbs on ncis?
who played captain kirk in star trek?
when was the last time the ny giants played in the superbowl?
who was the president of pakistan in 1980?
who plays mary jane in spiderman 3?
who was the grandson of king david's father?
when was the last time the oakland raiders won the super bowl?
who is the voice of lois from family guy?
what was walt disney's first cartoon called?
who is playing jason morgan on general hospital?
who does david beckham play for in 2013?
who nikki reed play in twilight?
who does blake griffin play for in the nba?
who played mulder in the x files?
who are the current maryland senators?
who was the original voice of meg on family guy?
who is the falcons quarterback 2012?
what year did the houston rockets win their first championship?
who plays spike in buffy the vampire slayer?
who became president when roosevelt died in office?
who plays lynette on desperate housewives?
who played boss hogg dukes of hazzard?
who played kitt in knight rider?
what was basketball player michael jordan's major in college?
who does david beckham play for in 2012?
who plays lorne on angel?
who was the winner of the 2009 nobel peace prize?
who is ruling north korea now?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for now 2011?
who was the emperor before nero?
what is gibby's mom's name?
what was the name of the book hitler wrote while in prison?
when did barry zito won the cy young?
who played andy in toy story 3?
who is the ravens quarterback 2012?
what is john steinbeck best known for?
who was the voice of darth vader in episode iii?
what year did lamar odom play for the clippers?
who plays steffy on bold and the beautiful?
where did isaac newton go to high school?
what year did spudd webb won the dunk contest?
what did randy jackson play in journey?
who is the current leader of cuba today?
what is the present form of government in iran?
what club did aguero play for before man city?
who plays jay adams in lords of dogtown?
when did the colts last win the superbowl?
who was lincoln's vice president when he died?
who plays effy in skins uk?
what year did detroit pistons win nba championships?
who played danielle rousseau on lost?
what part does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what type of government does vietnam have today?
who played cruella deville in 102 dalmatians?
what movie did tom hanks won his first oscar?
who ran against bill clinton for president?
where does kirk cameron live now?
which asian country has the biggest population?
who was the voice of nemo's dad?
who won last year's nfl super bowl?
who played michael myers in halloween 4?
who does jr smith play for 2012?
where does bradley cooper live now?
where does luke skywalker live in star wars?
who played princess leia's mother in star wars?
where is the warmest weather in the united states in december?
what year did yankees win their first world series?
when was the last time the new england patriots won the superbowl?
who does larry david play in seinfeld?
who is the current president of china 2010?
who was the governor of missouri in 1996?
who played carl fredricksen in up?
who won the super bowl xliv 2010?
what years did the yankees win the championship?
who plays batman in 2012?
where does selena gomez live right now 2010?
who is the leader of syria now?
where does avril lavigne live now?
who plays stewie griffin's voice family guy?
who plays jacob black in twilight?
who won american idol 2006 season 5?
who was president when nelson rockefeller was vice president?
what kind of government does spain have now?
who plays young john winchester in supernatural?
what years the steelers won the super bowl?
who is the president of cuba in 2009?
who does avril lavigne play in over the hedge?
who is president of pakistan 2012?
who was queen elizabeth the first's mother?
who is the leader of the dominican republic 2011?
when did shawn johnson won the gold medal?
who will play clary in city of bones?
who are the two current senators of illinois?
who did stephenie meyer play in twilight?
who played giles on buffy the vampire slayer?
where does drogba play now?
who owns chrysler corporation 2012?
who played betty rizzo in grease?
who played wesley crusher on star trek the next generation?
where is mark sanchez now?
what team does allen iverson play for now?
who did julie andrews play in shrek?
what characters does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what book did charles darwin write on evolution?
who played mickey on days of our lives?
what team does reggie bush play for 2011?
who is the current president of dominican republic 2011?
who played obi wan kenobi in phantom menace?
what happened to adolf hitler at the end of the war?
what does rupert murdoch own 2012?
when did the chicago bulls win their first championship?
when was the civil war in libya?
who does paul wesley play in 24?
what club does ronaldinho play for 2012?
who are the senators of kansas 2013?
who won 2001 fa cup?
who played darth vader in the original star wars movies?
what team did joe hart play for before man city?
when did the boston celtics win their first championship?
who is the president of brazil now?
what years have the ravens won the super bowl?
what year did the mets win their first world series?
who is playing bilbo in the hobbit movie?
who is the actor that plays rico in hannah montana?
who does jodelle ferland play in eclipse?
what timezone is nevada in right now?
who played elaine on doc martin?
what year did arizona diamondbacks win the world series?
who portrayed indiana jones in raiders of the lost ark?
what year did lakers win their first championship?
who is the president of israel 2012?
who does allen iverson play for now 2010?
who was the first wife of prophet muhammad?
who is sherri shepherd's new husband?
who did kevin garnett play for before celtics?
what is the name of dawn french's first novel?
who is the governor of california 2010?
who won the fa cup in 2008?
who plays jacob black in the twilight movies?
who is rob kardashian dating now 2012?
who did plaxico burress sign with 2012?
who does zach galifianakis play in the hangover?
who has won the most fa cup?
who did michael jackson play in the wiz?
who was the prime minister of canada in 1998?
who was the president of the united states during ww2?
what are the biggest cities in illinois?
which province in canada is the most populated?
who is the current governor of georgia 2011?
who is paul mccartney's current wife?
what drugs were in whitney houston when she died?
who is the present president of china?
who played bob ewell in to kill a mockingbird?
who is kurt busch driving for now?
who plays walter in fringe?
what city has the largest population in mexico?
in what years did the new york yankees win the world series?
who is the current president of chile 2011?
who plays moira on the l word?
when did joe mcelderry won x factor?
who is the voice of family guys meg griffin?
who does jemaine clement play in despicable me?
who played nba finals 2010?
what is the most practiced religion in the united states?
what years did the red sox win the world series?
who are the two current illinois senators?
who won 2011 heisman trophy?
who plays alan parrish in jumanji?
who played elaine's boyfriend on seinfeld?
who plays claudia joy on army wives?
who was the prime minister of australia in 1958?
what was henry ford best known for?
what year did detroit pistons win the championship?
who played lex luthor in the original superman?
who plays the voice of lois griffin on family guy?
when did michael schumacher win his first title?
who has played edward quartermaine on general hospital?
who plays stacey in zoey 101?
what role did tom cruise play in endless love?
who does the voice of kitt in knight rider?
what war was george washington president during?
when did miami dolphins win super bowl?
what is the current leader of japan?
who is the president of ecuador in 2012?
where does frida kahlo live now?
who does nikki reed play in the movie twilight?
what does matt dallas do now?
what character did liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
who played princess leia in star wars movies?
when did romney first run for president?
what did barack obama do before he took office?
who won governor in connecticut 2010?
who is the coach of the pittsburgh steelers 2005?
when did mcgee start on ncis?
what years have the giants won the world series?
what college did edgar allan poe go to?
who did the voice of kitt in knight rider?
where does morrissey live 2010?
who is the governor of indiana 2012?
who was kim kardashian's first husband?
who is the governor of wyoming currently?
what team did kaka play for in 2009?
who was the leader of the ussr in 1948?
when did venus williams win wimbledon?
what year was the first miss america pageant?
who is the governor of oregon 2012?
who did bryce dallas howard play in eclipse?
who owns audi 2011?
who was michael jackson in the wiz?
what state is barack obama senator for?
who was darth vader in episode 3?
who is the political leader of japan?
when is the last time the raiders won a championship?
when is the us open tennis mens final 2011?
who is the 2011 heisman trophy winner?
what contribution did hooke made to science in 1665?
who plays marlo on the wire?
who was the first actor to play edward quartermaine?
where did the founder of google go to college?
what is the second official language of canada?
who coached the dallas cowboys in 1996?
who does hank baskett play for now nov 2010?
who was the president of the us in 1971?
how old is the current president of north korea?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for 2012?
what team did kobe bryant play for first?
who plays kenneth on 30 rock?
who is the current coach of the new york knicks?
who played howard stern in private parts?
when did ny giants win the superbowl?
who does sonny bill williams play for 2012?
who did michael vick play for in 2008?
who are the current senators from illinois?
which legend of zelda game is the first?
what years have the steelers won the super bowl?
who played dorothy in the film wizard of oz?
who succeeded william mckinley as president?
who voices ray in archer?
who plays lola bunny on the looney tunes show?
who plays bella on twilight?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
where did elvis presley live before he died?
who does paul walker play in fast and furious?
who was the vice president during george w bush?
who plays tommy oliver in power rangers?
what year did dwight howard won the slam dunk contest?
when was the first pope of the catholic church?
who plays stewie griffin on family guy?
what are the mountains in peru called?
who is daniel in the bible?
who played marty mcfly's dad?
who plays john connor in terminator salvation?
what year doug williams won the super bowl?
who won the governor election in michigan?
who plays the voice of meg in family guy?
when was the last time iran invaded another country?
who is jeff probst ex wife?
who is the leader of japan right now?
when did michael jordan started playing basketball in the nba?
who plays mary jane in spiderman 2?
who did james franco play on general hospital?
who plays saruman in lord of the rings?
who was the secretary of state when richard nixon was president?
who does the voice of kovu in lion king?
when did the mets win the pennant?
what is the capital city of germany now?
who was president when the us navy department was established?
what team does derek fisher play for 2012?
who was sworn into office when john f kennedy was assassinated?
what did julia roberts won an oscar for?
what year did mitt romney first run for president?
who won governor of indiana 2012?
who plays kermit in the muppets movie?
what kind of government does iran have today?
what team does lamar odom play for 2013?
who founded the american federation of labor afl in 1886?
when was the last time the kansas city chiefs won a superbowl?
who plays sam in anger management?
what was one thing benjamin franklin is famous for?
who is the current president of colombia 2011?
who is mexico's president right now 2011?
who are the two state senators of georgia?
who plays riley finn on buffy the vampire slayer?
who plays giles in buffy the vampire slayer?
who voices lola bunny in looney tunes?
what did charles babbage create in the 1800s?
who voices anakin in the clone wars?
who plays faramir in lord of the rings?
when is the last time chicago bulls won a championship?
what year did the florida marlins win their 2nd world series title?
what is the biggest country in europe by population?
what team does hank baskett play for 2011 season?
who is the coach of inter milan now?
