what position did george washington serve in the constitutional convention?
who led the mexican calvary in the battle of puebla?
who played felix ungar in two film versions of the odd couple?
which tv shows has wayne rostad starred in
which roman catholic person was the daughter of lee radziwill
what was one thing benjamin franklin is famous for?
who produced a midnight clear and high school musical?
what does rupert murdoch own 2012?
who played maxie jones on general hospital?
where did anne frank live before the war?
who is the governor of wyoming currently?
who won american idol 2006 season 5?
what was the cause of death of rudolf hess
who plays nana in the royal family?
what high school did shannon brown go to
what role did tom cruise play in endless love?
when is the us open tennis mens final 2011?
who was governor of minnesota when flightplan was released?
what is the second percy jackson book called?
who is raquel welch's daughter?
when did the 7th harry potter book come out?
when did cars first appeared in England?
who was the director of the movie a bronx tale
who plays princess padme in star wars?
what film yuen qiu starred in that billy chung directed
who did herbert hoover label public enemy no 1?
who does larry david play in seinfeld?
which movie did ventura pons direct in 1990
who edited the movie a bucket of blood
what is the author of the book tears of a tiger
what team does reggie bush play for 2011?
what type of monarchy did england have during the glorious revolution?
who graduated from West Point in 1829?
what else is there in orlando besides disney?
which book did edgar allan poe write in 1827
what did william howe do in the revolutionary war?
who is the richest woman in south africa?
which monarch was the son of mohammed v of morocco
which character did jack nicholson play in the departed?
who played marty mcfly's dad?
what will happen to greece when it defaults?
which philosopher fought with cromwell during the english civil war?
who does the united states export the most to?
who played mickey on days of our lives?
who were the architects of archivo general de indias?
what is cher's son's name?
what film yancy butler starred in that john badham directed
what did randy jackson play in journey?
what high school did taylor mays go to
who was governor of nebraska when exit wounds was released?
who is the female star in the movie lakeer
who is the current governor of Arizona in 2010?
who was the leader of the ussr in 1948?
who voiced meg in the pilot?
which tv series has meredith bishop starred in
who does allen iverson play for now 2010?
who is the current president of the dominican republic in 2010?
what soviet films has veniamin smekhov acted in
who is the senator of connecticut 2010?
who does the voice of lois in family guy?
what is the boston celtics current roster?
which movie did alfred hitchcock direct in 1986
what is the very first harry potter book?
who is faster miles austin or deshawn jackson?
how much did adriana lima gain during pregnancy?
where did deion sanders play baseball?
where does luke skywalker live in star wars?
who voiced Lucy in Despicable Me?
which prize did elie wiesel win in 1986
what is the name of the first prophet of islam?
who won best sound editing when costa gavras won best adapted screenplay?
which state was oliver max gardner born in
who played danielle rousseau on lost?
who was the architect of colossus of rhodes
who was governor of north carolina when tazza was released?
who does sonny bill williams play for 2012?
who was the director of last tango in paris?
what is the second largest city in wisconsin?
what year did spudd webb won the dunk contest?
who plays kermit in the muppets movie?
what female actress played in eddie and the cruisers?
what team does derek fisher play for 2012?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for 2012?
what english films has adelaide hall acted in
who was the actor that played blackie parish on general hospital?
who won best director when callie khouri won best original screenplay?
who is the german god of the underworld?
who is the book girlfriend in a coma by
how many children did tom hanks have?
what book was written by george orwell and published in 1945?
who did Mexico gain independence from in 1821?
who is the leader of cuba 2012?
what character did Ellen Degeneres play in Finding Nemo?
who was queen elizabeth the first's mother?
who was governor of florida when lakshmi kalyanam was released?
when did joe mcelderry won x factor?
which military commander was the son of simon bolivar buckner
in what years did the new york yankees win the world series?
where does selena gomez live right now 2010?
who was the editor of the movie a chinese ghost story
who plays alan parrish in jumanji?
who won last year's nfl super bowl?
what did mister rogers do before tv?
what english films has benjamin whitrow acted in
who was the president of the philippines when ezra taft benson was born
where was hockey world cup 2010 held?
what countries did germany take over during world war 2?
where did france surrender ww2?
when did mt st helens first erupt?
who does paul walker play in fast and furious?
who was president when the us navy department was established?
what did hans oersted discovered in 1819?
what has lee strasberg starred in that martin brest directed?
which album did boom boom satellites release in may 2006
who is the new zapp iv u by
which leadership was the son of ulrike eleonora of denmark
who did kevin garnett play for before celtics?
which libra person was the son of elijah boardman
what time does arkansas play football today?
what is the episode of family guy when peter makes his own country?
who played howard stern in private parts?
who did Abraham Lincoln run against for president in 1864?
who voices anakin in the clone wars?
which film starring dhanush was released in 2008
which computer game designer was the son of joseph jackson
who took control of rome in 46 bc and became dictator?
what greek films has dimitris poulikakos acted in
who won the nobel peace prize in 2011 for physics?
who was born on the same day as william gilbert
who is the composer of girl from the north country?
which author was the daughter of katherine jackson
what form of government does russia have today?
who starred in a bug's life and high school musical?
who is the british swimmer with the christian name sharon?
who to vote for in san francisco 2012?
which member of the black panther party wrote soul on ice?
who is the current governor of georgia 2011?
what is the second longest river in China?
what movie ralph tresvant starred in that doug mchenry directed
who is the voice of stewie griffin from family guy?
who is the musical composer of the movie the nightmare before christmas
who is the american author who lived in japan during the 1800's?
which english team won the champions league first?
who did japan surrender to in ww2?
who was johnny cash's first wife?
what colonies did Spain lose in 1898?
what is gibby's mom's name?
who did president Jefferson buy the Louisiana Territory from?
who does jr smith play for 2012?
what sort of cancer did kathleen ferrier die of
who was the governor of missouri in 1996?
what did Abraham Lincoln do in the Civil War?
what is the name of the first harry potter novel?
who was the president of the us in 1971?
who did president Obama run against in 2008?
who was the editor of the movie a bronx tale
when did the chicago bulls win their first championship?
who was the distributor of a foreign affair
who is the governor of indiana 2012?
what timezone is nevada in right now?
who does kris humphries play for in the nba?
what university did peter early love go to
what happened to nelson mandela after he was released from jail?
what year did the houston rockets win their first championship?
when did carson palmer win the heisman trophy
who was the actress who played mrs banks in mary popins?
what is the film a free soul about
who was the 2nd prime minister of pakistan?
what character did Nelly play in the Longest Yard?
who is female lead in game of death
what year michael jordan came in the nba?
who is the 2011 heisman trophy winner?
what has aaftab shivdasani starred in that priyadarshan directed
what is carmen real name off the set of george lopez?
who played giles on buffy the vampire slayer?
when does Turbo come out on DVD in Australia?
who played captain kirk in star trek?
who is the owner and creater of the company microsoft?
what soviet films has vsevolod pudovkin acted in
what characters does Tom Hanks play in Polar Express?
who are the current senators from illinois?
who will Godzilla fight in Godzilla 2?
who played violet's mother in charlie and the chocolate factory?
who played virgil earp in the movie tombstone?
who will sponsor kevin harvick in 2011?
who was governor of minnesota when hurricane on the bayou was released?
who does josh hutcherson play in the hunger games?
who won best actor when alfred junge won best art direction?
who won the governor election in michigan?
what new lands did Britain gain with the Treaty of Utrecht?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for now 2011?
which member of royalty was the son of mohammed v of morocco
what did george w bush do before becoming president?
which film director was the son of jan crouch
when did herbert hoover become president?
when was the last time the kansas city chiefs won a superbowl?
which virgo person was the daughter of giulio caccini
who are the two state senators of georgia?
what character did natalie portman play in star wars?
which movie did matt leblanc star in in 2001
which album did dillinger four release in 2000
when was the last time iran invaded another country?
when did michael jordan started playing basketball in the nba?
who won the nobel peace prize in 2007?
which mountain is the highest in the world?
what song does Tom Hanks play on piano in Big?
who is the tallest player in the nba?
who did Desiree end up with on the Bachelorette?
what film dean jagger starred in that joseph pevney directed
what school did cam newton go to before auburn?
what did the peasants demand in the Peasants Revolt?
which woman was the daughter of giulio caccini
who wrote a mighty fortress is our god?
who did Odysseus fight against in the Trojan War?
who played princess leia from star wars?
which taurus person was the son of olive osmond
who did America gain independence from in 1776?
which movie did barney martin star in in 1981
which capricorn person was the daughter of boris iii of bulgaria
when did joe walsh leave the eagles?
who was Manchuria invaded by in 1931?
who is the author of the book dogs of war?
who is the coach of inter milan now?
what kind of government does the united states have today?
who has the most elementary schools named for him in the us?
what is the currency in germany in 2010?
who was the commander-in-chief of the colonial army during the revolutionary war?
what record label is rihanna signed to 2012?
who was president of the us when zheng bijian was a teenager?
what soviet films has boris khmelnitsky acted in
who was governor of minnesota when flight from death was released?
which album did x japan release in july 1994
who was the first actor to play edward quartermaine?
who played hannah montana best friend?
who was governor of louisiana during hurricane katrina?
who plays sam in anger management?
which album did aretha franklin release in may 1976
what countries did queen victoria reign over?
what year did France surrender to Germany?
where is mark sanchez now?
who does jamie campbell bower play in breaking dawn?
who was the author of the poem to his coy mistress?
who was the american that made jiyu gakuen school?
which aristocrat was the daughter of ingrid of sweden
who plays batman in 2012?
which female person was the daughter of nina hagen
who was the first president to grow tomatoes?
what was the soundtrack for the movie a beautiful mind
who is the leader now in the us?
what is chris paul's son name?
who directed the first jurassic park?
who is the prime minister of ethiopia now?
what movie nirmal pandey starred in that shekhar kapur directed
what year did dwight howard won the slam dunk contest?
which director did attack of the 60 foot centerfold
when is Dussehra celebrated in Delhi?
who played freddy in friday the 13th?
who was the first coach of the bucaneers?
who is the head of the department of interior?
what year did Poland surrender to Germany?
who did kat graham play in parent trap?
who plays ferris bueller's best friend?
when was the last dallas cowboys super bowl win?
which president depicted on mount rushmore was the son of thomas lincoln
what three continents touch the atlantic ocean?
where did isaac newton go to high school?
who won the governor election in puerto rico?
what team does allen iverson play for now?
what song did the Beatles wrote for Cilla Black?
what teams did derek fisher play for in the nba?
who are the 9 justices of the supreme court in 2011?
who was carrie underwood in soul surfer?
who founded the american federation of labor afl in 1886?
who was governor of oregon when shanghai noon was released
what countries were occupied by Germany in world war 2?
who was the distributor of the naked city
who is anne of six days seven nights?
who does billy beane work for now?
who plays faramir in lord of the rings?
who won the fa cup in 2008?
who was the president of pakistan in 1980?
who is daniel in the bible?
which libra person was the daughter of florenz ziegfeld
when does One Direction play at the Olympics?
who fought on the communist side in the Korean War?
which female person was the daughter of john singleton
what future soviet dictator was in training to be a preist when he was turned on by marxism?
what highschool did tom brady go to?
what college did lil wayne graduated from?
who has played the most champions league games paul scholes or david beckham?
which record producer was the daughter of katherine jackson
who is the current leader of cuba today?
who has gone out with decimus junius silanus
which album did the chordettes release in 1952
who was governor of minnesota when william eggleston in the real world was released?
when did the Bengals play in the Super Bowl?
when does school start in los angeles california 2011?
who is the founder of the calvinist church?
which illustrator was the daughter of amos bronson alcott
who plays sarah wittle in jumanji?
who established a permanent settlement in North America before 1600?
what country did France take over after World War 1?
when did the mets win the pennant?
what film xu jinglei starred in that peter chan directed
which politician was the son of miguel primo de rivera
who wrote the screenplay for a few good men
who played wesley crusher on star trek the next generation?
what is the name of the book hitler wrote while in prison?
who plays miley cyrus brother?
who shot and killed president john f kennedy?
what kind of government does iran have today?
what team does messi play for in 2011?
which virgo person was the daughter of ingrid of sweden
who is the voice of the boyfriend from the bee movie?
what is the nationality of boris iii of bulgaria
what hong kong films has wang jie acted in
who starred in a chorus line and high school musical?
who plays mary jane in spiderman 3?
who plays saruman in lord of the rings?
what was walt disney's first cartoon called?
which company founder was the son of elisabeth murdoch
what actor was born yvo livi in monsummano near florence?
which doctor was the son of johannes rudbeckius
when did the charlotte bobcats first play in the nba?
who was us president when todd chretien was a teenager
what soviet films has ninetto davoli acted in
who is the current president of chile 2011?
which engineer was the daughter of alfred lichtenstein
what did julia roberts won an oscar for?
who was the architect of adams county courthouse?
who was the composer for the movie the cookie carnival
who is new longest active playing green bay packer offensive player?
who plays phinias in phinias and ferb?
which actor was the daughter of elisabeth sladen
who was kim kardashian's first husband?
which film director was the son of molefi kete asante
when is summer in australia sydney?
who did Hemingway support in the Spanish Civil War?
who was u.s. president when alan rickman was born?
who was the emperor before nero?
who is nickname was the greatest in boxing?
what kourtney kardashian name her daughter?
who did ben stiller play in megamind?
which princesses share a birthday with elisabeth of bavaria
when was barghash bin said of zanzibar born?
who does hank baskett play for now nov 2010?
what has yasuaki kurata starred in that eric tsang directed
who was lincoln's vice president when he died?
which tv shows has franklin cover starred in
when did barry zito won the cy young?
who played mulder in the x files?
who is nina dobrev playing in perks of being a wallflower?
what countries were occupied by the Soviet Union in 1988?
what is the last movie brittany murphy made?
which album did chris hillman release in 2005
who founded the american dance theater in new york city?
what city has the largest population in mexico?
which taurus person was the daughter of ingrid of sweden
which geographical area did william george clark attend
who was us president during the admiralty islands campaign
what was the name of the deadly chemical used during the vietnam war?
which official was the daughter of benjamin harrison
who is leann rimes with now?
where did the founder of google go to college?
which wrestler was the son of ted dibiase
what character does ellen play in finding nemo?
what province is canada's capital located in?
who played todd manning on one life to live?
who plays the brother in hannah montana?
who was michael jackson in the wiz?
which princess was the daughter of simeon ii of bulgaria
who was london mayor before boris johnson?
what is the parent company of adeline software international?
which us senator was the son of elijah boardman
where was the first ford motor company located?
what character does mila kunis play on family guy?
who did battier play for before the heat?
what team did kaka play for in 2009?
what young beautiful starlet made her screen debut as a victim in the film orca the whale?
what famous american playwright had an affair with dashiell hammett?
who won 2011 heisman trophy?
what game does Julian play in Big Daddy?
who was the composer for the movie protocols of zion
who is the president of brazil now?
who plays the voice of ruby on max and ruby?
who does the voice of Captain Gutt in Ice Age Continental Drift?
which album did steve hackett release in 1999
what hong kong films has lim giong acted in
what ship did Columbus sail on when he discovered America?
which animated television serieses has katey sagal starred in
who did the voice of darth vader in star wars?
when did oxygen appear in the atmosphere?
who became president when roosevelt died in office?
which poet was the daughter of vuk krsto frankopan
what is the name george lopez on the show?
who did julie andrews play in shrek?
who plays pennywise the dancing clown in the movie it?
who played dorothy in the film wizard of oz?
which album did hanin elias release in may 2004
who plays lynette on desperate housewives?
who is the roman god of the underworld besides pluto?
which aquarius person was the daughter of charles koppelman
who plays Khal Drogo in Game of Thrones?
who is the richest person in sports sachin or tiger wood?
which sagittarian person was the daughter of amos bronson alcott
who did michael jackson play in the wiz?
who is the author of a fate totally worse than death?
who settled in Massachusetts in 1620?
which president depicted on mount rushmore was the son of jane randolph jefferson
who played the next door neighbor in home alone?
which marxist was the son of attilio bertolucci
who was us president when john seaton robinson was a teenager
who did Earl Clark play for before the Lakers?
what are the holydays of obligation in the catholic church 2013?
who is the actor that plays rico in hannah montana?
who did u.s. fight against in ww1?
what has heike makatsch starred in that stefan ruzowitzky directed
what is the genre of the movie amorina
what was the name of the book hitler wrote while in prison?
what is the currency in the dominican republic 2010?
when did miami dolphins win super bowl?
which tv shows has simon prebble starred in
who is the american general in the mexican war?
who is the current president of dominican republic 2011?
what type of government does iraq have 2012?
when does ramadan end 2012 indonesia?
what club does ronaldinho play for 2012?
where did archibald cameron of locheil graduate from
where did elvis presley live before he died?
which big screen movies has jim mcmanus starred in
when did America gain independence from England?
who told the apostles about the resurrection of jesus?
what characters does trey parker voice?
what was the first pope in history?
what is the largest city in US?
what territories did Germany lose in WW1?
who played leonard hofstadter mother on big bang theory?
what did the new orleans hornets used to be?
what country was formed from Eastern Pakistan in 1971?
who plays meg in family guy?
who founded the sisters of saint joseph?
which album did venus hum release in july 2006
which female person was the daughter of dave thomas
who portrayed indiana jones in raiders of the lost ark?
who is playing bilbo in the hobbit movie?
when are school holidays in queensland 2013?
who will david beckham play for in 2013?
which cambridge college did justin welby go to
what happened during william henry harrison presidency?
what does matt dallas do now?
which book did alasdair gray write in 1981
what university did ann matthews martin go to?
when did romney first run for president?
what type of government does fiji have 2010?
who was governor of oregon when the collector was released?
who was the second black player to win the heisman trophy?
what team does lamar odom play for 2013?
who was in the National Championship in 2013?
who played carl fredricksen in up?
who played eowyn in the lord of the rings movies?
which film producer was the daughter of charles perkins
who is the political leader of japan?
who played laura ingalls mother?
who was the first host of the tonight show?
which princess was the daughter of ulrike eleonora of denmark
who was king of france during the ninth crusade?
what 5 countries border ethiopia?
what movie iggy pop starred in that jim jarmusch directed
what is the present form of government in iran?
what is the closest airport to naples florida?
who has won the most fa cup?
who is the senator of the united states 2010?
what character did john noble play in lord of the rings?
who was the first african american presidential candidate nominated?
what team did Michael Jordan play for after the Bulls?
which poet was the son of molefi kete asante
which film director was the daughter of charles perkins
who is lamar odom playing for in 2012?
where did lee surrender to grant to end the civil war?
who is in the Legislative Branch at the State Level?
which album did eddie rabbitt release in march 1986
what are the 5 biggest cities in the usa?
when do we change the clocks in 2011 in australia?
what nba teams did steve kerr play for
who is the new senator of montana?
who was the British leader during the Cold War?
who plays young john winchester in supernatural?
who was the prime minister of australia in 1958?
when did braves win the world series?
who is the composer of wave of mutilation?
what college did jeff corwin go to?
who played obi wan kenobi in phantom menace?
what high school did tim allen go to?
where did martin luther king junior go to college?
who was president of the us when george petersen was a teenager?
what years did the red sox win the world series?
who was governor of minnesota when alatriste was released?
who plays stewie griffin's voice family guy?
which aries person was the son of marc isambard brunel
what irish films has mark stewart acted in
who was peter parker's first girlfriend?
which disney channel original movies has olesya rulin starred in
where did the houston oilers football team go?
who is the governor of california 2010?
who plays lois lane in superman returns?
which manufactured item did william george clark attend
who is the president of cuba in 2009?
who invaded England at the Battle of Hastings?
who does Ronaldinho play for now in 2011?
which tv series has dave wittenberg starred in
who played lex luthor in the original superman?
which tv series has adina porter starred in
who plays the lead part in the series lie to me.?
who was invaded by Iraq in 1990?
what has ann forrest starred in that irvin willat directed?
what is the current government system in france?
who was the star of boy meets world?
who played the parents in ferris bueller day off?
who coached the dallas cowboys in 1996?
what high school did president bill clinton attend?
which province in canada is the most populated?
where did michael jordan play high school basketball?
who does blake griffin play for in the nba?
who owns chrysler corporation 2012?
who was governor of minnesota when beverly hills chihuahua was released?
what group of islands is tahiti a part of
what years the steelers won the super bowl?
what is john cena doing right now?
which female person was the daughter of jim henson
who was president of the us when douglas bravo was a teenager?
what team did Allen Iverson play for after the 76ers?
who played dumbledore in the first movie?
what team did Shaq play for before the Lakers?
who played george jefferson on all in the family?
what is the most practiced religion in the us?
who is the current queen of australia?
who is younger debbie mcgee or paul daniels
which musician was the daughter of charles perkins
who are the two current senators of illinois?
what basketball team does greg oden play for
who won the super bowl xliv 2010?
what has jack watling starred in that aram avakian directed
who is the falcons quarterback 2012?
who played reverend hills daughter in the north avenue irregulars?
when did marine mammals evolve from land ancestors?
who was us president when krim belkacem was a teenager
who played cruella deville in 102 dalmatians?
when did shawn johnson won the gold medal?
who did michael vick play for in 2008?
what film bill bixby starred in that billy wilder directed
how old is the current president of north korea?
what is the name of walt disney's son?
who was the first president to visit all of the first states in the us?
who is the wealthiest spice girl?
who does justin bieber go out with on facebook in 2011?
what type of government did england have during the glorious revolution?
where is the warmest weather in the united states in december?
which movie did john rubinstein star in in 1996
who plays mary jane in spiderman 2?
who is the highest paid sports player?
what is the nationality of hussein of jordan
where did the Vikings come from when they invaded England?
who was us president during the admiralty islands campaign?
which book did katherine hannigan write in 2004
which composer was the son of cosima wagner
what films did hans zimmer wrote music for?
when did the Beatles perform at the Cavern Club?
what battle did germany surrender in ww2?
who played will scarlett in the 1991 robin hood?
who is ronaldo playing for now?
what year doug williams won the super bowl?
what date did the san francisco giants win the world series?
who is the current leader of china and what is their title?
where in the cell are Chromosomes located in DNA?
what was the name of the newspaper where hemingway wrote?
which lawyer was the son of benjamin harrison
what university did benjamin john parrillo go to
where did theodore roosevelt live before he became president?
who did the baltimore ravens draft in 2011?
who won london mayoral elections 2012?
which prisoner of war was the son of catherine coll
what was the owls name in disneys the sword and the stone?
who does Donnie Wahlberg play in Band of Brothers?
who does danneel harris play on one tree hill?
who is the president of israel 2012?
which big screen movies has alfred hitchcock starred in
which pisces person was the son of lillian moller gilbreth
who has won the last 10 nba championships?
who does nikki reed play in the movie twilight?
who defeated Napoleon at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805?
what did charles lindbergh became famous for in the 1920s?
what drugs were in whitney houston when she died?
who did Morgan Freeman voice in the Lego Movie?
what is the book a canticle for leibowitz about
what is the parent company of arcus as
what did nixon do when he was president?
who does paul bettany play in the avengers?
what is happening in germany right now?
where did Huguenots settle in 1678?
what was reagan before president?
which aquarius person was the son of mark van doren
who played samantha in an american girl holiday?
what actor played the voice of optimus prime in transformers?
who plays jacob black in twilight?
who was governor of north carolina when intern academy was released?
what did charles babbage create in the 1800s?
who does david james play for 2011?
what movie padmini kolhapure starred in that ravi chopra directed
where is the lost treasure in bossier parish louisiana?
who was US president when the Vietnam War started?
who does zach galifianakis play in the hangover?
what scottish films has joseph mcfadden acted in
who was the us president when world war 1 started?
what chef is the main commentator on iron chef america?
what sex is jeanne julie eleonore de lespinasse
which jazz musician was the son of dewey redman
when was the last time the dallas cowboys went to the super bowl?
which movie did charles mcgraw star in in 1956
how many albums has taylor swift sold?
what was elie wiesel's father's name?
what do Field Mice eat in the wild?
who are the company directors of the natori company
what team did tim tebow play for in college?
who was the leader of the soviet union in 1945?
which movie won best cinematography when sam mendes won best director?
who plays the voice of meg in family guy?
who is the leader of france 2012?
what years have the steelers won the super bowl?
which state was ezra taft benson born in?
which cartoonist was the son of elias disney
what movie did tom hanks won his first oscar?
what president was called the father of his country and wore wooden dentures?
who is the owner of hcl technology company?
who won Fedex Cup in 2012?
when did ted kulongoski become governor of oregon
who did Australia support in the Korean War?
which movie did hanna schygulla star in in 1980
which princess was the daughter of lakhdar brahimi
who does maggie grace play in taken?
what happened to justin bieber 2012?
which legend of zelda game is the first?
who is the governor of Virginia in 2011?
where did bob barker grow up?
who played anakin skywalker in phantom menace?
what is the biggest country in europe by population?
what is the currency in australia 2011?
who is the current president of china 2010?
who is president of pakistan 2012?
which film starring gao yuanyuan was released in 2001
who is the coach of the pittsburgh steelers 2005?
which album did john scofield release in 1997
what is the published adaptation damnation alley about
what character does Tom Hanks play in Toy Story 3?
what is money used in Korea before 1892?
what characters does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
when was the last time the oakland raiders were in the super bowl?
who was the vice president during george w bush?
who plays stacey in zoey 101?
when was the first pope of the catholic church?
what are five countries that border france?
what is currency of Czechoslovakia before 1939?
what presidential candidates graduated from us naval academy
what has warren clarke starred in that jeannot szwarc directed
who plays tommy oliver in power rangers?
what bahamian films has calvin lockhart acted in
which album did wayne wonder release in april 2006
who are the senators of kansas 2013?
which harry potter movies has jim mcmanus starred in
what team did kobe bryant play for first?
who was us president when atlas shrugged was published?
what going on in afghanistan right now?
what city did the Patriots play in before New England?
which male person was the son of calouste gulbenkian
who ruled Jerusalem in 1099?
who are the cast of a busy day
who was the architect of the world trade centers?
what country did the Vikings invade during the Middle Ages?
where do most immigrants in the united states come from today?
which sagittarian person was the son of olive osmond
who is the no music of aiffs by
who lived in America before Europeans arrived?
which scorpio person was the daughter of ted koppel
which tv series has kathryn leigh scott starred in
what is the birthday of the actor who acted Forrest Gump?
what are the mountains in peru called?
what hong kong films has matt hill acted in
who arrived in Jamestown in 1620?
who is better britney spears or meryl streep?
who seized power in italy in 1922?
what was the theme of the city of ember
who plays stewie griffin on family guy?
what has mark roth starred in that bobby farrelly directed
who was the editor of the movie a case of rape
who was the first african american us surgeon general?
which cambridge college did alfred james carver attend
who was darth vader in episode 3?
what has satish shah starred in that aditya chopra directed
which book did william golding write in 1995
who was the editor of the movie a bill of divorcement
what did Italy invade in 1935?
who plays lorne on angel?
what team does hank baskett play for 2011 season?
who plays ethan on general hospital soap opera?
what is the birthday of the actor who plays Khal Drogo in Game of Thrones?
who was killed first tupac or biggie?
who is the chief executive officer of dallas cowboys?
who is prime minister of japan 2012?
what college did kevjumba?
who is the ravens quarterback 2012?
who did james franco play on general hospital?
who plays karen jackson on shameless?
who plays young lex luthor in smallville?
what english films has ann bell acted in
which pisces person was the son of alan sainsbury
who was the secretary of state when richard nixon was president?
who is the lead singers name in pantera?
who does Katniss end up with in Hunger Games?
what year did lamar odom play for the clippers?
who is the governor of colorado 2009?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
which airport is best to fly into milan?
who played boss hogg dukes of hazzard?
which album did dave vanian and the phantom chords release in 1995?
who is prime minister of japan 2011?
who is better gabriel iglesias or george lopez?
what was tupac name in juice?
who was us president when dietrich klagges was a teenager
who was rhe first prime minister of australia?
who played betty rizzo in grease?
who did Abyssinia belong to in 1935?
what italian maestro directed jack nicholson in the passenger?
what did George Washington do during the Revolutionary War?
who was the us president when gamal nasser was born
when did sean murray first appear on ncis?
who runs the cornelia marie now?
who plays jay adams in lords of dogtown?
which book did alasdair gray write in 1990
who was the only athlete to letter in 4 sports at ucla?
who was the first russian president?
who are the current maryland senators?
who plays lola bunny in the looney tunes show?
who does jemaine clement play in despicable me?
what is the capital city of germany now?
which album did bonnie pink release in april 2000
when were the Commonwealth Games held in Edinburgh?
what year did mitt romney first run for president?
what state did thomas jefferson live in?
where did american troops fight in ww1?
when did Mexico win its independence from Spain?
who voices lola bunny in looney tunes?
what is the second official language of canada?
who plays the wife in the george lopez show?
who is the worlds fastest drumers?
what country did Italy conquer in 1939?
what is the currency of germany in 2010?
who played carmen lopez on the george lopez show?
when did anita brookner win the booker prize
where did robbie hummel go to high school?
what caused the russian financial crisis of 1998?
who is the governor of hawaii now?
what is the name of dawn french's first novel?
who did bryce dallas howard play in eclipse?
who plays marlo on the wire?
who are the two current illinois senators?
what movie ramani bartholomeusz starred in that lester james peiris directed
what airport is in kauai hawaii?
what university did hanne sofie greve go to
who won best animated short film when simon beaufoy won best adapted screenplay?
when is the last time chicago bulls won a championship?
who is the youngest child of Bill Gates?
what was liam neeson's character in star wars?
who plays moira on the l word?
who played joe palooka in the 1934 palooka?
which movie did alan rafkin direct in 1965
what university did archie william league go to?
when was tom brady first superbowl win?
when are school holidays in uk 2011?
what years did the yankees win the championship?
what scottish films has heike makatsch acted in
who is the new governor of florida 2011?
what community college did curt schilling go to
when is the last time the raiders won a championship?
which harry potter movies has eric sykes starred in
which artist was the daughter of ingrid of sweden
who played andy in toy story 3?
what movies has taylor lautner been in 2011?
what nation did the United States invaded in 1983?
who was the birth control advocate named russell?
what did abraham lincoln do before he was president?
what is the nationality of mohammed v of morocco
who is kurt busch driving for now?
what battle had the first tent hospital in the civil war?
which film starring zoe caldwell was released in 2004
who was president when nelson rockefeller was vice president?
where does bradley cooper live now?
what team did joe hart play for before man city?
which book did roald dahl write in 1990
what book did charles darwin write on evolution?
who does antonio banderas play in interview with a vampire?
what happened after the invasion of normandy?
which tv producer was the daughter of charles perkins
which album did bennie green release in 1955
which president depicted on mount rushmore was the son of augustine washington
which character on one tree hill crashed a race car during a test drive?
where does ben stiller live in ny?
who is the leader of syria now?
which man was the son of benjamin harrison
who was the leader of germany in wwii?
who played john connor friend in terminator 2?
which 1990 sport athlete was known by the nickname prime time?
what character did Johnny Lewis play in Sons of Anarchy?
what are the biggest cities in illinois?
what contribution did maurice wilkins make to dna?
who did elton john marry first?
who sings for Kristoff in Frozen?
who will play clary in city of bones?
who played bob ewell in to kill a mockingbird?
what currency does greece use 2012?
who voiced darth vader in revenge of the sith?
which album did ziggy marley release in may 1991
what document was signed by the pilgrims in 1620?
when was the last time the san francisco giants won a world series?
who is the current coach of the chicago bulls?
who was the main person in the christian religion?
what has sayaji shinde starred in that david dhawan directed
which jew was the son of marcel dassault
where did Barack Obama go to college in 1991?
who is the voice of family guys meg griffin?
which movie did paul greengrass direct in 2006
who played darth vader in the original star wars movies?
who won governor in connecticut 2010?
who was king or queen after victoria?
where to vacation in italy in august?
who are some famous alumni from williams college?
what university did dilsa demirbag sten go to
which lutheran was the daughter of ingrid of sweden
who is the long snapper currently for the steelers?
who is julia roberts married to 2012?
what president was graduated from Harvard in 1904?
which italian maestro directed jack nicholson in the passenger?
who does dominic monaghan play in lord of the rings?
who is hugh hefner dating now in 2012?
who is the prime minister of new zealand now?
who will run for president in 2016 Democrat?
who was the actor who played mrs howell on gilligans island?
who was the president of the philippines when ezra taft benson was born?
which male person was the son of alan scarfe
who was the composer for the movie return to paradise
when does the One Direction movie come out on dvd in the US?
when did venus williams win wimbledon?
which member of royalty was the son of ulrike eleonora of denmark
what high school did john hopps go to
what university did bill gates and mark zuckerberg both dropped out of?
what university did calvin leroy van pelt go to
what type of government does australia currently have?
who was governor of minnesota when flight of the phoenix was released?
where does drogba play now?
what president resigned from office in 1974?
who did Florida belong to in 1770?
who does the voice of kitt in knight rider?
what voice does hank azaria do on the simpsons?
where did the pilgrims come from before landing in america?
what scottish films has dee hepburn acted in
who is the current coach of the new york knicks?
what was the main idea of the crucible
who played princess leia's mother in star wars?
what channel is CBS in Houston?
which roman catholic person was the daughter of vuk krsto frankopan
who does Spiderman fight after the Lizard?
who was president of the us when barber conable was a teenager
who is the president of california institute of technology?
who will alex smith play for in 2011?
what country gained its independence from Britain on july 10 1973?
which album did deep purple release in july 1993
who was the original voice of meg on family guy?
who did the voice of kitt in knight rider?
what religion are most people in pakistan?
where did george harrison live before he died?
who plays effy in skins uk?
which team does ronaldinho play for 2013?
when did jennifer lopez start on in living color?
who nikki reed play in twilight?
who is the leader of japan right now?
who helped china in ww2?
who plays giles in buffy the vampire slayer?
what film wendy makkena starred in that charles martin smith directed
who is the present chief justice of the u.s. supreme court?
which president signed the national environmental protection act which created the the environmental protection agency?
which architectural structure did william george clark attend
who is the governor of oregon 2012?
who is rob kardashian dating now 2012?
who won governor of indiana 2012?
what national soccer team does wayne rooney play for
who did Mexico win its independence from in 1821?
what money do they have in Greek before 2002?
what year did tim duncan enter the nba?
who was the colts coach in 2011?
which director did a girl in every port
what did richard nixon do for a living before he became president?
what is the current leader of japan?
what was the title of the first book dr. seuss wrote?
which album did deep forest release in 2000?
which liverpool player broke alan smith of man united leg?
what high school did greg paulus go to
who is the new governor of oregon?
who is the current governor of the us in 2011?
who plays lola bunny on the looney tunes show?
when did the raiders win the superbowl?
who was the winner of the 2009 nobel peace prize?
what is the first book of the old testiment?
who plays lois griffin in family guy?
which book did cory doctorow write in 2001
who played red stevens in the ultimate gift?
where did the massive allied invasion of northern france take place in june 1944?
who wrote the music for a foreign affair
what is the currency in slovakia 2012?
where does avril lavigne live now?
when was the last time the oakland raiders won the super bowl?
who composed the soundtrack for the last samurai?
which movie did rob minkoff direct in 2002
who were the original singers of the hit unchained melody?
who was us president during hurricane katrina?
what land did the US acquire from Spain in 1819?
which non-business organization did william ernest brymer attend?
what high school did paul giamatti go to
who was the former male entertainment tonight host with mary hart?
what college did edgar allan poe go to?
when did manchester united first win a trophy?
who is the head coach of the heat?
who was us president when chris foote wood was a teenager
who did stephenie meyer play in twilight?
when did michael schumacher win his first title?
which director did girls just want to have fun
what has yui ichikawa starred in that zhang yibai directed
what money do they use in Spain before 2002?
who succeeded william mckinley as president?
what team does lamar odom play for 2011?
which book did alan weisman write in 2007
what years have the ravens won the super bowl?
who was the voice of nemo's dad?
which businessman was the son of paul getty
who is playing hawkeye in the avengers movie?
who played the title role of superman in 1950?
what kind of motorcycle does Jax ride in Sons of Anarchy?
which capricorn person was the daughter of simeon ii of bulgaria
which contributing editor was the daughter of anna wintour
when was the last shark attack in maui?
who play happy gilmore in the 1996 film?
what biblical figure had hair that made him strong?
which film starring mighty gabby was released in 2005
which businessman was the son of calouste gulbenkian
what is the first book sherlock holmes appeared in?
what club did aguero play for before man city?
who edited the movie a bill of divorcement
what currency is used in germany 2012?
what did taylor swift do at the vmas 2012?
what year did lakers win their first championship?
what year was the cubs last world series?
when did mykel hawke and ruth england get married?
who voices ray in archer?
who plays amy in the big bang theory?
what character did Eddie Murphy play in Dreamgirls?
what is the published adaptation decision before dawn about
what year did the cleveland indians go to the world series?
who was president of the us when jim granberry was a teenager?
who was one person that influenced george lopez?
what is the female penguins name on happy feet?
who was us president during the costa rican civil war?
who played dorothy in the wizard of oz movie?
who performed at the Super Bowl in 1993?
who was the grandson of king david's father?
who plays kenneth on 30 rock?
what was the name of the original seattle baseball team?
which basketball player was the son of george mikan
what year did yankees win their first world series?
which aries person was the daughter of ingrid of sweden
who is the richest sports woman?
what do muslims celebrate in December?
what national holiday is celebrated in France on july 14?
what part does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
who played kitt in knight rider?
which album did they might be giants release in september 1994
what country gained its independence from Britain in 1960?
where are the nuclear plants in uk?
who does Sean end up with on the Bachelor?
what year did detroit pistons win the championship?
what war was george washington president during?
what kind of government does spain have now?
what style of music did louis armstrong play?
which album did humble pie release in march 1972
what year did the florida marlins win their 2nd world series title?
who was the actress in the movie a bittersweet life?
who is ruling north korea now?
who is the voice of lois from family guy?
what was basketball player michael jordan's major in college?
who was michael jackson first girlfriend?
what is the longest river in China?
which male person was the son of benjamin harrison
who plays jacob black in the twilight movies?
what character did liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
who plays harold saxon in doctor who?
who is the present president of china?
who played elaine's boyfriend on seinfeld?
who was us president during the costa rican civil war
when was the civil war in libya?
what year was the first miss america pageant?
what year did tim tebow win the heisman trophy
who are the company directors of intec telecom systems?
who was the quarterback for the Bears before Cutler?
what contribution did hooke made to science in 1665?
who was us president when oliver ernest goonetilleke was a teenager
who does avril lavigne play in over the hedge?
who wrote the original script for the original film haunted hill?
who started the first persian gulf war?
who does the voice of kovu in lion king?
who plays spike in buffy the vampire slayer?
what year did United States buy Alaska from Russia?
who composed the music for a fish called wanda?
which album did neko case release in march 2006
which country did Eric of Sweden conquered in 1157?
who developed december when there is no angel?
which author was the son of benjamin latrobe
what is the roman name for the greek god posidon?
which taurus person was the son of elinor darwin
what song is played at the choosing ceremony in Divergent?
who was the writer of the movie a beautiful mind
which album did the crystal method release in september 1997
how many sons did bill gates have?
who was the president of us when franklin graham was born
who played sean in scrubs?
who is thor from marvel super hero squads brother called?
who was us president during the seventh coalition?
which female person was the daughter of alfred lichtenstein
what years have the giants won the world series?
where do most earthquakes happen in japan?
which movie did billy wilder direct in 1981
who has gone out with cornelis de graeff
who did Libya gain independence from in 1951?
what team does drogba play for 2013?
who played juni in spy kids 4?
what do Goblins drop in Runescape?
who was the prime minister of canada in 1998?
what movie kathryn joosten starred in that tamra davis directed
who was governor of kentucky when intern academy was released?
which politician was the daughter of ingrid of sweden
which capricorn person was the daughter of franz liszt
who are the company directors of mercury insurance group?
which virgo person was the son of olive osmond
who is the richest sports person in england?
what scottish films has peter capaldi acted in
what is the government of spain today?
what is the world's tallest building in dubai called?
what was the second film walt disney made?
who plays baily in suit life on deck?
who won 2001 fa cup?
what did farrah dad do?
which book did ann martin write in 2003
who does christopher walken play in batman returns?
who is the leader of the dominican republic 2011?
which tv shows has meredith deane starred in
who was governor of florida when revolutionary road was released?
who was us president when franz hayler was a teenager
which big screen movies has molly peters starred in
who believed that the roman empire was too large for a single person to rule?
which female person was the daughter of charles perkins
what were the causes of the russian revolution in 1917?
who was the distributor of beverly hills chihuahua
who won the 1992 National Championship in college football?
which episode of a tv serieses has sam anderson starred in
where was the earthquake in chile 2010?
what country was george washington from?
which film starring sam anderson was released in 1982
which artist was the daughter of charles perkins
what year did reggie bush win the heisman trophy
what film gary cole starred in that steve loter directed
who played samuel sullivan in heroes?
who is the current leader of china today?
who was prime minister of great britain during the defense of the great wall
which album did the octopus project release in october 2005
what channel does Mega Millions come on in California?
who was us president when billy kelleher was a teenager
who was bill clinton's vice president during 1995?
who is the current president of colombia 2011?
which film starring jamie waylett was released in 2005
who did president Bush run against in 2004?
which aries person was the son of george mikan
what literary genre is to kill a mockingbird
where was kennedy when he got shot?
who played elaine on doc martin?
who was mary's mother?
what scottish films has wylie watson acted in
what type of government does nigeria have today?
who played forrest gump as a kid?
who is the governor of kentucky 2012?
what character did brian austin green play on 90210?
who does jodelle ferland play in eclipse?
what year was France invaded in World War 2?
who does michael oher play for in 2009?
which album did peter cetera release in 1986
who does paul wesley play in 24?
what is the theme of the city of ember
what movie toby kebbell starred in that shane meadows directed
which movie did jaco van dormael direct in 2010
what college did magic johnson go to?
who is the prime minister of Spain in 2011?
who became president when jfk was killed?
what tv shows has jackson rathbone been in
who was the director of the movie a chapter in her life
which television director was the daughter of charles perkins
who has starred in the same tv shows as john alderton
who was most responsible for developing the scientific method?
when did lilliane and maurice barrard die?
what has queen latifah starred in that doug mchenry directed
who was played the female park ranger in broken arrow?
which scorpio person was the son of molefi kete asante
what type of government does vietnam have today?
who won 2012 presidential election in france?
who is the current head of the department of the treasury?
who is the speaker of the house of representatives currently?
who is the president of ecuador in 2012?
which second basemen share a birthday with jackie robinson
who owns audi 2011?
which asian country has the biggest population?
who was governor of texas in 2003?
who are the cast of a charlie brown valentine
what currency is used in england 2012?
who played the original jason on pretty little liars?
when was the last time the ny giants were in the super bowl?
who does david beckham play for in 2012?
who won the Grammy for Best New Artist in 2014?
who was the president of us when franklin graham was born?
what film victor garber starred in that rob marshall directed
what did Thomas Jefferson do before he was President?
which us senator was the son of john albion andrew
what nba team does steve nash play for?
what role did Anna Kendrick play in Twilight?
how many episodes of a change of destiny are there
which movie did atom egoyan direct in 1991
who played nba finals 2010?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs make the playoffs?
who came to power in cuba in 1959?
where does morrissey live 2010?
who was the person in after the thin man?
what was omar epps first movie?
which female person was the daughter of elisabeth sladen
who discovered the first athletic research laboratory at the university of illinois in 1925?
who has starred in the following movies resevoir dogs con air armageddon the big lebowski fargo?
who did Chris Paul play for before the Clippers?
who plays walter in fringe?
who plays bella on twilight?
who owns aston martin 2012?
who plays steffy on bold and the beautiful?
who won best supporting actor when alfred junge won best art direction?
who is jeff probst ex wife?
who was the president during the dawes plan?
which tv personality was the son of jeana tomasino
who won best art direction when billy wilder won best picture?
which academic institution did alan v oppenheim attend
who is playing jason morgan on general hospital?
what character did Anna Kendrick play in Twilight?
what scottish films has kathleen mcdermott acted in
what shares a border with southeastern united states?
who was the president that was elected to the most terms?
who ran against bill clinton for president?
where was the Olympics held in 2000?
what does the mayan calendar say about 2012?
what song did Metallica sing on the Grammys?
what music did robert pattinson do for twilight?
who was the voice of darth vader in episode iii?
which singer was the daughter of steve harris
which movie did costa gavras direct in 2005
who was the producer of the movie a blade in the dark
who was the first man on the moon in 1969?
what is john steinbeck best known for?
who plays claudia joy on army wives?
who was the sultan of swat the king of crash?
who has won both aircrew badge and bronze star medal?
what is the current government of vietnam?
what countries are in the andean region?
what soviet films has olga barnet acted in
where is jay cutler now?
what team does kris humphries play for in 2011?
who played princess leia in star wars movies?
who was the first jedi master?
where did walt disney live before he died?
when did the Black Death start in Asia?
who plays the voice of lois griffin on family guy?
who was the brilliant scientist inventor and technology geek of the ninja turtles?
which us senator was the son of benjamin harrison
when was the last time the ny giants played in the superbowl?
when did the colts last win the superbowl?
how old was woodrow wilson when he was elected president?
what show was kim richards in as a child?
who did plaxico burress sign with 2012?
who has played edward quartermaine on general hospital?
who played michael myers in halloween 4?
which film starring brooke theiss was released in 1988
who does Michael Fassbender play in Band of Brothers?
who is the governor of Arizona in 2009?
who played luke skywalker in star wars episode 4?
who was the president of us when ezra taft benson was born?
what state is barack obama senator for?
which book did greg bear write in 1999
when did the boston celtics win their first championship?
who is caroline spencer jr s father?
which research centre did matt kennedy gould attend
what did barack obama do before he took office?
who did Jimmy Fallon play in Band of Brothers?
who is the athor of good night mr tom?
what happened to adolf hitler at the end of the war?
who is the first US president?
what hong kong films has huo siyan acted in
who voiced Captain Marvel in Young Justice?
where did harriet tubman live after the civil war?
what time do the polls open in indiana 2012?
which member of royalty was the daughter of louis ix
what role did frederick douglass play in the abolition movement?
what film zekeria ebrahimi starred in that marc forster directed
who was governor of minnesota when dil ne jise apna kahaa was released?
what year did john cappelletti win the heisman trophy
what is the largest city in italy?
what man ate at every mcdonals in america?
what ship did christopher columbus sail on in 1492?
which state was reverend gary davis born in
what middle school did barack obama attend?
who does Elena end up with in Season 4 Finale?
which film starring adelle lutz was released in 1995
who was us president when atlas shrugged was published
what year did detroit pistons win nba championships?
where does kirk cameron live now?
who was governor of arkansas when deewangee was released?
what is the largest country in the Southern Hemisphere?
when was the last time the new england patriots won the superbowl?
who will take the throne after Queen Elizabeth died?
who was president of the us when john stack was a teenager?
which building or building complex did roger cotes attend
who was the cinematographer of a bill of divorcement
who played the guy in a walk to remember?
what year did president Obama graduate from Columbia University?
who does david beckham play for in 2013?
who was us president during the seventh coalition
where does frida kahlo live now?
which album did bardo pond release in 2001
who plays captain kirk in 2009?
what motswana films has jamie uys acted in
who played alf on the tv show?
who plays riley finn on buffy the vampire slayer?
what was Thomas Wilson before President?
what year did arizona diamondbacks win the world series?
what is the most famous actor in the new moon?
which album did billy paul release in 2000
who won the 2012 snooker masters?
which film starring paul dillon was released in 1994
who is kobe bryant dad?
who was first to set up the buisness of ford?
what kind of money do they have in Finland before the Euro?
what did France lose to the British in the Treaty of Paris in 1763?
when did mcgee start on ncis?
what is the genre of the movie a chorus line
which album did kreator release in july 1997
who wrote the music for a fistful of dollars?
who plays stella in coronation street?
who is paul mccartney's current wife?
who played lois lane in superman 1?
who was the first wife of prophet muhammad?
what college did matt lauer attend?
who are the company directors of corus group
when did ny giants win the superbowl?
when did Greece win its independence from the Ottoman Empire?
who plays claire in lost?
which aries person was the son of marcel dassault
who is mexico's president right now 2011?
what country did America invade after 9 11?
who was the us president when gamal nasser was born?
who was sworn into office when john f kennedy was assassinated?
what year did the mets win their first world series?
who is the house of representatives made up of?
what day of the week was dan andriano born on
who is ruling tunisia now?
who plays jackson gibbs on ncis?
when did Germany defeat France in World War 2?
who was the president of the united states during ww2?
where did noah live before the flood?
who was ishmael's mom?
which male person was the son of doug anthony
who is the actor that plays todd in scrubs?
who plays john connor in terminator salvation?
what is the most practiced religion in the united states?
what kind of government does chile have today?
who is sherri shepherd's new husband?
who was andy williams second wife?
who won the state of texas in 2008?
who plays Layla in Big Daddy?
who is the first husband of julia roberts?
which member of the beatles helped set up liverpool institute of performing arts?
who was us president when john andrew shulze was a teenager
which album did dave seaman release in august 1999
what is the nationality of hungarian minority in romania
what was henry ford best known for?
who wrote the lyrics to think about you?
what team did Michael Jordan play for after baseball?
what high school did dave meggett go to
which album did a band called pain release in 2005
when's the last time the mets won the world series?
what type of government does russia have 2010?
who is currently secretary of defense in the government?
what did Jenny die of in Forrest Gump?
who was vice president after kennedy died?
what is the published adaptation exit to eden about
who played the part of billy batts in goodfellas?
what currency does australia use 2012?
who led the mexican army at the battle of the alamo?
who played darth vader at the end of return of the jedi?
what to do in rome october 2012?
who played captain kirk in star trek movie?
what pen name did russian immigrant alyssa rosenbaum use?
who was president in 1988 in the United States?
who won best costume design when george miller won best animated feature?
who was the prime minister of pakistan in 1999?
who was the second indian women went to nasa with americans?
who was the president of us during the dawes plan?
who plays robin hood in prince of thieves?
who played obi wan in episode 2?
what is the government of france for 2010?
what currency does the czech republic use now?
which country gained its independence from spain in 1968?
who was king of england when oliver cromwell was a teenager??
who plays elena gilbert on vampire diaries?
who was governor of louisiana during world war 2?
what was franklin roosevelt's position during world war ii before pearl harbor?
when did the wright brothers created their first plane?
what led to the split of the republican party in 1912?
who is the quarterback for the new york giants as of december 2010?
who won the presidential election in egypt 2012?
who along with federal troops led the cherokee west on the trail of tears?
which harry potter movies has roger lloyd pack starred in
who starred as a single mom in the tv series once and again?
what ancient greek writer was famous for his fable?
what land did the US buy from France in 1803?
who wrote the lyrics to moments to remember?
what character did Common play in Selma?
who becomes Robin in the Dark Knight Rises?
who originally voiced meg on family guy?
what countries buy oil from Saudi Arabia?
what is the film attack force z about
who are the Virginia senators in 2013?
which academic was the son of mark van doren
what year did ray allen join the nba?
who plays stephanie plum in one for the money?
who is the fastest man of the world?
which presidential candidates have also been us presidents
where is french spoken most?
who are the members of the supreme court 2009?
who plays ziva david on ncis?
which david headed the cult mass suicide in waco?
who was the distributor of barefoot in the park
who provided the voice for the character lightning mcqueen in the film cars?
who plays captain kirk in star trek?
who did james franco play in milk?
what music genre is they might be giants
who does brian dawkins play for 2011?
who was the better fighter ali or jack johnson?
who is the richest sports person?
which woman was the daughter of anita roddick
who was eystein ii of norway married to
who played donna on west wing?
who did Anna Kendrick play in Scott Pilgrim?
which capricorn person was the daughter of piers haggard
what foods contain iron besides red meat?
which film starring thom hoffman was released in 2006
what team did adrian peterson play for in college?
who is the current ohio state senator?
which president depicted on mount rushmore was the son of nancy hanks
who did george w. bush run against for the second term?
where is the mts iceplex in winnipeg?
what high school did lil wayne graduate from?
who played damien in the omen 2006?
who does Kellan Lutz play in Prom Night?
which president was the son of roger mudd
what country did hitler invaded to start ww2?
which book did mark twain write in 1942
who was the leader of the first communist party of china?
which musician was the daughter of nina hagen
what team did david beckham play for in 2011?
what make of bike did steve mcqueen ride in the great escape?
what victories did Labor Unions win in the 1930s?
what did Andrew Johnson accomplish as president?
what the largest city in spain?
which screenwriter was the daughter of charles perkins
who did Johnny Depp play in Corpse Bride?
what was Franklin D Roosevelt's job before president?
who played mickey in the rocky movies?
who did nasri play for before arsenal?
which architect was the son of benjamin latrobe
who was the president when the first man landed on the Moon?
which writer was the daughter of steve perry
what was the girl in the season of the witch?
which aquarius person was the son of benjamin harrison v
who was rudolph ii of burgundy married to
what is the capital of italy today?
which album did professor griff release in 2001
who plays sheldon cooper mother on the big bang theory?
who was president after william henry harrison?
what soviet films has mark reizen acted in
who was a dictator of germany during world war 1 world war 2?
what type of government was formed when italy unified?
who did Ray Allen play for before the Celtics?
who was the distributor of a history of violence
what else did alexander graham bell invent other than the telephone?
what song did the Beatles sing on the Ed Sullivan Show in 1964?
who is the newly elected governor of california?
which baseball player was the son of jeana tomasino
what has elisabeth risdon starred in that curtis bernhardt directed
who sang at the Super Bowl in 2013?
what movie oliver ford davies starred in that paddy breathnach directed
which tv producer was the daughter of jim henson
which year was lily mo sheen born in?
what native american sports heroes earning two gold medals in the 1912 olympics?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs made the playoffs?
who does ronaldinho play for now 2011?
who is lamar odom playing for this year?
where was john f kennedy when he got shot?
what part did Winona Ryder play in Star Trek?
what team will Michael Vick play for in 2011?
who is running for vice president with barack obama 2012?
what state is lake of the woods in
what part does Legolas play in the Hobbit?
who became president when henry harrison died?
who did General Cornwallis surrender to at Yorktown?
what did John Hancock do for the american revolution?
who owns google 2012?
which year was archduke felix of austria born in?
which movie did giri babu star in in 2008
what country did hitler invade that started ww2?
who is the governor of indiana 2009?
what team does jeremy lin play for 2013?
which taurus person was the daughter of nina hagen
when was amnesty international aotearoa new zealand founded?
who were the architects of barcelona museum of contemporary art?
which king was the son of mohammed v of morocco
who did terrell owens play for in 2010?
which aries person was the son of olive osmond
where did harper lee attend high school?
who did Cristiano Ronaldo play for in 2010?
what irish films has mark sheppard acted in
who was France allied with in Ww2?
what was the first language spoken in spain?
who was a famous french emperor that has a pastry named after him?
who settled in Delaware in 1638?
what was the currency used in france before the euro?
who wrote the music for lilies of the field?
what character does Russell Brand play in Despicable Me?
what character does Taylor Swift play in the Lorax?
who was the president of south africa before mandela?
where did the second battle of ypres occur?
which woman was the daughter of archibald hill
who was the italian leader in ww1?
when is the last time the ravens won a superbowl?
who was queen victoria's husband?
which album did jackie mclean release in 2005
which album did billy currington release in october 2008
what was the soundtrack for the movie a bronx tale
which artist was the son of benjamin latrobe
what tribes did Lewis and Clark meet on their expedition?
what did thomas jefferson do before he became president?
what did obama do before he was elected president?
who did France Surrender to in Ww2?
which female person was the daughter of boris iii of bulgaria
who would win out of danger mouse or pest control?
who plays ken barlow in coronation street?
what greek films has zoe carides acted in
who does mila kunis play on family guy?
which building or building complex did george ponsonby attend
who starred as matt in the haunting in connecticut?
who did Nicolas Cage play in National Treasure?
who was the prime minister of Pakistan in 1999?
who is governor of ohio 2011?
who settled in Argentina after the Spaniards?
what honor did agatha christie receive in 1971?
which libra person was the son of alfred newman
when was the last time the ny knicks won a playoff game?
which academic was the son of molefi kete asante
when the atlanta braves won the world series?
what part did jeff conaway play in grease?
who does albert pujols play for 2012?
which dawkins book to read first?
who plays ponyboy in that was then this is now?
when did the Industrial Revolution in Europe began?
what did african americans do during the revolutionary war?
what character did Meat Loaf play in Rocky Horror?
what is the disease that killed jim henson
what songs did the Beatles perform on the Rooftop?
who is the richest hip hop artist in africa?
what team will michael vick play for in 2011?
which novelist was the daughter of steve perry
who is greece's leader now?
what caused the cuban rebellion in 1868?
who did Brett Gardner play for in 2008?
what kind of government did the united states have after the revolution?
what city in florida has the lowest crime rate?
which album did gang of four release in 1982
who was the winner of Dancing on Ice in 2013?
who plays blaine in batman?
which aquarius person was the son of lakshmi mittal
who does michael keaton play in cars?
who did armie hammer play in the social network?
who did the Detroit Lions play on Thanksgiving Day in 1934?
what type of government does italy have 2011?
what is the currency in egypt 2012?
who was Canadian Prime Minister in 1993?
which year was dr alana lentin born in?
which baseball team did brooks robinson play for
what language do most people speak in afghanistan?
what type of government does brazil have 2011?
which taurus person was the son of benjamin latrobe
what did james polk do before he was president?
who was the director of the movie a bridge too far
which animated television serieses has billy west starred in
what basketball player is married to monica?
what flowers are in bloom in September?
who was governor of minnesota when lakshmi kalyanam was released?
who plays the voice of kitt in knight rider?
where was jesus after he died on the cross?
who won the presidential election in Egypt in 2012?
where was Jesus after he died on the cross?
what teams did the Patriots lose to in 2013?
who does Dumbledore get the Elder Wand from?
who was the secretary of state when Andrew Jackson was president?
how many kids were there in the kennedy family?
which episode of a tv serieses has archie kao starred in
what is president nixon's first name?
who is the swiss father of modern linguistics?
which vegetarian was the daughter of katherine jackson
which building or building complex did alfred ollivant attend
which big screen movies has anjul nigam starred in
which pisces person was the daughter of joseph stalin
who was the first dictator of the soviet union?
who is the king of cambodia now?
who was elisabeth ludovika of bavaria married to
who is the president of costa rica in 2012?
who does Michael Keaton play in Cars?
what irish films has flora montgomery acted in
who was the leader of the nation of islam in 1996?
what characters are alive at the end of Hamlet?
what is the largest city in cache county?
who was the voice of darth vader in the original star wars movie?
what hong kong films has toby leung acted in
where do Ireland play rugby union?
who became president of france after ww2?
which james bond movies has molly peters starred in
what famous hollywood icon did jude law portrayed in aviator?
who plays Bilbo Baggins in the Hobbit?
who was the actress in the movie a bear for punishment?
where are the headquarters of atlantic coast airlines
what is the movie the other boleyn girl about
what is lamar odom doing now july 2012?
what was benedict arnold most famous for?
who is the governor of pennsylvania state now?
who is the leader of north korea today?
where will tebow go in 2013?
where can i go running in sacramento?
what book did Charles Darwin wrote in 1859?
which year was hanne ruud reksten born in?
which album did merril bainbridge release in 1996
which prisoner of war was the son of ekaterina svanidze
who did jennifer lawrence play in x men?
which capricorn person was the son of pieter van vollenhoven
who did the voice of darth vader in episode 3?
who is the executive producer of dan august?
who play Woody in Toy Story?
where was the first microsoft headquarters located?
what team did ronaldo play for in 2003?
what are the names of ariel's six sisters?
what is george lopez wife on the show real name?
who will plaxico burress play for in 2011?
who is richard pryor son?
who ruled after king henry viii died?
what jobs did john adams have before he was president?
who played lauren reed on alias?
who does Jeremy Shockey play for in 2012?
who was married to Elizabeth in the Bible?
who did viggo mortensen play in lord of the rings?
what high school did myron rolle go to
who has most followers on twitter in Bollywood?
what is maxs name in real life on george lopez?
who played in the NCAA Football Championship in 2013?
how many languages do they speak in switzerland?
who was the president of us when billy graham was born
who won the league cup in 2002?
what has frances conroy starred in that jim jarmusch directed
who did Armie Hammer play in the Social Network?
who played in the Superbowl in 2006?
which film starring vyacheslav tikhonov was released in 1994
who was president of the us when peter crill was a teenager
which songwriter was the daughter of katherine jackson
which movie did anita yuen star in in 2004
who plays stacey in the stacy's mom video?
what team did David Beckham play for in 2011?
when is the last time the pittsburgh steelers won a superbowl?
who won the michigan ohio state game 2012?
who did steve spurrier play pro football for?
who is the executive producer of the odd couple?
who was president of the us when mark willson rose was a teenager?
who is amy grant's first husband?
who was canadian prime minister in 1993?
what lake is the source of the blue nile
who played jacob black in twilight?
who was among the first pioneers to cross the appalachian mountains into kentucky?
what honor did Agatha Christie receive in 1971?
what did james k polk do before he was president?
who was the leader of the us during wwii?
who does Emily choose on the Bachelorette?
which album did limbeck release in april 2007
who was the president during the Cold War?
who is governor of Ohio in 2011?
who was the cuban dictator following cuban revolution?
what role did Paul Mccartney play in the Beatles?
who was defeated at the Battle of Fallen Timbers in 1794?
what book did charles darwin wrote in 1859?
who did Seymour Hoffman play in the Hunger Games?
who did gerald ford select as his vice president when he became president?
when olympic games 2012 opening ceremony?
which big screen movies has miguel sandoval starred in
who became the wife of martin luther in 1525?
who played stanley kowalski in a streetcar named desire movie?
what country did the United States fight during the war of 1812?
who was us president when uma aaltonen was a teenager
what year did the dallas cowboys win the super bowl
who played meathead in all in the family?
what country did the battle of san juan hill take place?
what team does messi play for 2011?
what is the name of the book hitler wrote in jail?
what is the nationality of mohammed vi of morocco
who won best actress when billy wilder won best director?
who was the soviet leader during world war ii?
which tv series has ingrid lacey starred in
which film starring aubrey morris was released in 1996
which movie did steve hanft direct in 2004
what character did billy d williams play in star wars?
when did liverpool fc last win the champions league?
which actor was the daughter of john singleton
what character did Billy d Williams play in Star Wars?
when did the detroit pistons last win the championship?
what english films has charles lawson acted in
who was the author of the new atlantis
who founded the pittsburgh steelers in 1933?
who was the coach for spain in the 2010 fifa world cup
what has zoe saldana starred in that kevin rodney sullivan directed
who does michael oher play for in 2010?
who does donnie wahlberg play in the sixth sense?
who is the president of the european union 2012?
where did the Chinese settle in America in the 1800s?
who has starred in the same movies as lilian harvey
what was queen elizabeth ii childhood nickname?
where are the headquarters of amnesty international south africa?
who was governor of minnesota when a history of violence was released?
who played bilbo in lord of the rings?
what kind of government does japan have now?
what college did deion sanders jr go to?
who was the first president to use a hearing aid?
who was the original voice of meg griffin on family guy?
which man was the son of alan scarfe
who did france surrender to in ww2?
who is the quarterback for the New England Patriots in 1985?
what role did George Lucas play in Star Wars?
who is the governor of virginia 2011?
who was nicknamed the great one in the stanley cup?
who is the executive producer of instant star?
which movie did zoe cassavetes direct in 2007
where did Abraham Lincoln live in Indiana?
who is the governor of arizona 2009?
who plays smithy in gavin and stacey?
who is the protagonist in the hitch hikers guide to the galaxy?
what part did winona ryder play in star trek?
what is the most populated state in united states?
which pisces person was the son of eddie van halen
which album did shalamar release in august 1990
what country did United States purchase Alaska from in 1867 for $7.2 million dollars?
who did James Franco play in Milk?
who is louisiana state senator?
who was us president when ingvar bakken was a teenager
which album did carter the unstoppable sex machine release in 1991
what jobs did John Adams have before he was president?
what greek films has marcel bozzuffi acted in
what happened after mr. sugihara died?
which movie did deepak sareen direct in 1900
what was the last movie sean connery was in?
which politician was the son of ulrike eleonora of denmark
what did the Lord of the Manor wear in the Middle Ages?
which author was the daughter of steve perry
which film won best foreign language film when george miller won best animated feature film?
who will coach Carolina Panthers in 2013?
what does the sun in the philippine flag represent?
what team does cristiano ronaldo play for 2011?
what is warren g harding most known for?
which album did cosima de vito release in october 2004
who is the leader of libya 2011?
who are the 9 justices of the supreme court 2011?
which aries person was the daughter of benjamin harrison
what kind of government does libya have today?
who was philip in acts chapter 8?
who was governor of minnesota when ankahee was released
who voiced darth vader in the original star wars movies?
who is in charge of libya now?
who was the god of the underworld also brother of zeus?
when's the last time the steelers won the superbowl?
who did Beltran play for before the Cardinals?
who played alf on tv show?
who did Marilyn Monroe marry at 16?
what is michael kors best known for?
what is the average temperature in phoenix az in december?
what has forest whitaker starred in that mark rydell directed?
when did Canada gain independence from England?
what is the most common language in norway?
who was the leader of soviet union during wwii?
who played denver in four christmases?
which album did jan akkerman release in 1993
which monarch was the daughter of ingrid of sweden
who is princess leia in star wars?
who was us president when alfred lyttelton was a teenager
who was the prime minister of canada when pierre trudeau was a teenager
when is the last time the giants won the world series?
what year did houston rockets win their first championship?
what are the landlocked countries in latin america?
what role did george lucas play in star wars?
who was us president during the attack on sydney harbour?
what state does the Simpsons live in 2012?
which capricorn person was the son of john alexander mcclernand
what team did Adrian Peterson play for in college?
who was the united states president prior to calvin coolidge
who is the complete jack johnson sessions by
which protestant was the daughter of franz liszt
who will Plaxico Burress play for in 2011?
what film zubeida starred in that ardeshir irani directed
what is the actress name that plays carmen on the george lopez show?
what irish films has peter capaldi acted in
who did Taft defeated in 1908?
who is curently the chairman and majority owner of world wrestling entertainment?
what did George Washington do as a teenager?
who does Ashley marry on the Bachelorette?
what is celebrated on January 6th in France?
what position did Vince Lombardi play in college?
who is dorothy gale in the movie the wizard of oz?
who was president of the us when adele faccio was a teenager?
when did florida marlins join mlb?
who does Princess Leia marry in Star Wars?
who did Michael Jordan play for when he played baseball?
who play becket in the abc show castle?
who is younger serena williams or venus williams
what year did volleyball first appeared in the Olympics?
when was the last time the orioles won the world series?
when did johannes guttenberg invent the printing press
when did airbags become mandatory in American?
who was ulrika eleonora of sweden married to
who is the host of total request live?
who was king of england during the heiji rebellion?
which libra person was the daughter of olive osmond
who is the executive producer of girls club?
what happened to dunkirk during ww2?
who is the president of clear channel communications?
who is the architect of the experience music project
who did Viggo Mortensen play in Lord of the Rings?
when does ziva start on ncis?
who did Woody Harrelson play on cheers?
what was wayne gretzky's first team?
who plays the voice of brian on family guy?
who plays the role of tony dinozzo on ncis?
what year was the first miss america pageant held?
who does Amy Stiller play in Dodgeball?
who is the chairman of the microsoft corporation?
what did Joe Biden study in college?
who did australia fight in the first world war?
who won the american league east in 2012?
what was franklin d roosevelt's job before president?
who played bilbo in the fellowship of the ring?
when was the last time the la kings won a playoff series?
what did dmitri mendeleev discover in 1869?
which country in europe has the largest land area?
who does Michael Oher play for in 2010?
what did Germany lost after the Treaty of Versailles?
which movie did eddie hodges star in in 1959
who did the US support in the Iraq Iran war?
who is the voice of eric cartman on south park?
when was the last time the red sox won 100 games?
who did brett gardner play for in 2008?
what country did germany invade first in ww1?
what is the main idea of the crucible
which american proposed a plan for after world war 1 called the fourteen points?
who was the first governor of colonial south carolina?
which team did Wayne Rooney play for before joining Manchester United?
when did Argentina gain independence from Spain?
what role did Alexander Hamilton play in the Constitution?
who is the starting running back for the 2009 minnisota vikings?
what team did david beckham play for before la galaxy?
who is archie shepp live in san francisco by
when is the last time the denver broncos won the superbowl?
who won the battle of gettysburg union or confederate?
what is the currency of sweden in 2010?
what high school did adeline yen mah go to
what kind of government does the united states have currently?
who wrote the lyrics to call on me?
when did carolina panthers go to superbowl?
what conservative walked out of the democratic convention in 1948?
what role did alexander hamilton play in the constitution?
who did johnny depp play in corpse bride?
which sagittarian person was the son of john albion andrew
which country won the crimean war?
who plays london tipton in suite life on deck?
which soviet leader instituted the idea of perestroika?
who won the Grammy for Best Album 2013?
which animated movies has kevin mccarthy starred in
what was the cause of death of alfred lunt
which actor was the son of alan scarfe
who was us president when lakshman kadirgamar was a teenager
who was the producer of the movie a bandit
which album did loudon wainwright iii release in 1973
which film producer was the son of attilio bertolucci
who was governor of minnesota when maathaad maathaadu mallige was released?
what is the official language of brazil now?
who was the director of cuba libre video?
who owns chrysler corporation 2011?
who has won both air force cross and defense meritorious service medal?
what soviet leader came to power in the 1920s?
who won the 2000 fa cup final?
what year did baltimore ravens win super bowl?
what college did jrr tolkien go to?
who plays mary jane in the spiderman movies?
who was the Union Commander in the Civil War?
who is the runner up of rupaul drag race season 3?
who plays edward on deception?
who did marilyn monroe marry at 16?
what kind of government does Iran have after 1979?
what is the song anna kendrick sings in pitch perfect?
what birthday does Harry Potter celebrate in the second book?
who became king of England in 1910?
what was lil wayne's first hit song?
which military commander was the son of ulrike eleonora of denmark
who is gimli's father in the hobbit?
who plays timon's voice in the lion king?
who is the author of a bright shining lie?
when did juventus win the champions league?
which capricorn person was the daughter of katherine jackson
what country did Germany invade first in Ww1?
who will coach carolina panthers in 2013?
what did neil armstrong say when he landed on the moon?
who was the secretary of state when andrew jackson was president?
who directed the movie a chinese ghost story
what does fleur de lis mean in english?
who did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
who is the actress in the movie padosan
when was the last time the boston bruins went to the stanley cup?
what has sam jones iii starred in that ernest dickerson directed?
which movie did alana austin star in in 1996
who did the Chicago Bears get in the 2013 draft?
what team does david beckham play for in 2012?
which film starring katherine shindle was released in 2005
what kind of government does iran have after 1979?
who has won both air force combat action medal and bronze star medal?
who does amy stiller play in dodgeball?
which film director was the son of attilio bertolucci
what college football team did john elway play for?
which jew was the daughter of anita roddick
what college did Martin Luther King graduated from in 1948?
who was selena gomez in barney and friends?
who did mozart write his four horn concertos for?
what year did the seahawks win the superbowl?
where does robin williams live 2011?
where did mitt romney's parents come from?
which designer was the daughter of ingrid of sweden
who was the president of us when ezra taft benson was born
who played meg in season 1 of family guy?
which author was the son of miguel primo de rivera
what was van halen first album?
who plays the princess in braveheart?
which year was mohammed vi of morocco born in?
what qb has won the most ncaa games?
which politician was the son of doug anthony
what team is hank baskett on 2010?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play?
which manufactured product did william george clark attend
who plays caesar flickerman in the hunger games?
who did taft defeated in 1908?
who rules denmark right now?
who joined jack nicholson in a hot tub in about schmidt?
which album did zimmers hole release in 1999
who voiced Batman in the Lego Movie?
when was the last time the dodgers won a championship?
who produced and wrote x-men?
what position did vince lombardi play in college?
what type of government does germany have now?
what college did john nash go to?
what was the first book charles dickens wrote?
who is the current leader of france 2010?
which artist was the daughter of steve harris
who wore the 24 for northwestern football team?
which chess player was the son of ulrike eleonora of denmark
which virgo person was the son of jeana tomasino
which manufactured product did alfred north whitehead attend
when was christopher columbus first expedition?
which album did fleetwood mac release in april 2003
who did Tom Hanks play in Apollo 13?
who was the first president of the afl?
how many episodes of a family at war are there
what song did J Cole perform on the Hip Hop Awards?
which album did ramy ayach release in december 2006
who voiced darth vader?
which album did boredoms release in september 1992
who plays riley on buffy the vampire slayer?
what year was the band limp bizkit established
what does joey jordison play in slipknot?
what is the second biggest state in the united states?
who is the fastest player in steelers history?
which author was the son of mark van doren
what counties in florida have the lowest property taxes?
which book did tobias wolff write in 2003
who settled in Britain after the Romans?
what voices does seth macfarlane play on family guy?
which city is the oldest in pakistan?
which celebrity was the son of mark van doren
which female person was the daughter of steve harris
which building or building complex did william george clark attend
what did tecumseh do during the war of 1812?
what war did the us lose the most soldiers?
which album did tears for fears release in 1983
who did William the Conqueror beat in the Battle of Hastings?
who was us president during the attack on sydney harbour
what has callie thorne starred in that harold ramis directed
which album did clem snide release in 2007
who composed the music for a dry white season?
who is ryan reynolds married to 2012?
who was us president when traicho kostov was a teenager
what did napoleon bonaparte do as emperor?
what was the currency used in France before the euro?
what countries did Japan attack on december 7 1941?
where is augusta masters 2012?
which book did adeline yen mah write in 2004
who was elected the first governor of virgina in 1776?
who did woody harrelson play on cheers?
who was prime minister of great britain during the defense of the great wall?
who did the chargers draft in 2011?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs win the stanley cup?
which album did toad the wet sprocket release in 1995
which movie did eric sykes star in in 2005
who was the president of south africa before mandela
what part did Jeff Conaway play in Grease?
who ran against abraham lincoln for president in 1860?
which musician was the daughter of steve harris
where is byron nelson 2012?
what role did paul mccartney play in the beatles?
when did michael jordan return to the nba?
who was president of the us when susantha de fonseka was a teenager
who won fa cup 1976?
who is the actor that plays Hakeem on Empire?
who played berger in sex and the city?
what day of the week was giuseppe mango born on
what did john hancock do for the american revolution?
who are the senators of virginia 2013?
who directed the movie a 009 missione hong kong
which female person was the daughter of steve perry
what fijian films has peter curtin acted in
who did Terrell Owens play for in 2010?
who was governor of minnesota when gamma squad was released?
what happened in bosnia in the 90s?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs were in the stanley cup finals?
where was the first gulf war fought?
what high school did alanis morissette go to
who played the lead in the 2001 film a beautiful mind?
who plays dwight in the office?
who plays nicholas newman on the young and the restless?
who did shaq first play for?
which movie did kevin lima star in in 1995
who does alyson stoner play in camp rock?
what foods cause constipation during pregnancy?
what english philosopher said everyone is born with a clean slate?
who plays charlie in the santa clause movies?
who is the publisher of hatchet by gary paulsen?
what character does Flea play in the Big Lebowski?
who is the prime minister of spain 2011?
who was the director of the movie a bittersweet life
what club does cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
who is the current governor of arizona 2010?
what type of government does iraq have now?
who played carlton lassiter on psych?
what hong kong films has zhang yuan acted in
what countries were occupied by Germany in 1940?
who is the wife of the founder of Microsoft?
who was the writer of o come all ye faithful
what quentin tarantino film features robert de niro in its cast?
which album did the colourfield release in march 1987
what university did doug van horn go to
where do the florida marlins play spring training?
what are abraham sons names?
who played carmen cortez in spy kids?
when was the most recent earthquake in haiti?
what is the oregon ducks 2012 football schedule?
where do most of the people live in russia?
who did Nigeria gain independence from in 1960?
who was the cinematographer of a bridge too far
who are the senators of hawaii 2012?
which album did ruff endz release in may 2002
where does kate middleton live 2012?
which cambridge college did william frederick chambers attend
which us president was the son of benjamin harrison v
who is the indian cricketer who have decided to retire from one day international cricket?
when is Rhubarb in season in Michigan?
who was france allied with in ww2?
what is the song Anna Kendrick sings in Pitch Perfect?
who played darth vader in the first movie?
who did tom hanks play in apollo 13?
who was the cinematographer of a double life
who played samantha stephens in bewitched?
who currently drums for kiss?
what year did seattle seahawks go to the super bowl?
who invented the light bulb and the phonogrph?
who will the cavaliers draft 2012?
when did william golding write lord of the flies
who is the tidy presenter from total wipeout?
what is the largest nation in europe?
when did the Vikings settled in Normandy?
where is the deepest part of the ocean?
which university did a g n kazi attend
who was the mvp of the fsu championship game this year?
when was amos alonzo stagg high school founded
who ran against Abraham Lincoln for president in 1860?
what did nikola tesla invented that is of use today?
who are the senators of new jersey now?
what has vanessa lee chester starred in that bronwen hughes directed
what currency does russia use 2012?
who did jackie robinson first play for?
when was the last time knicks won the championship?
what hong kong films has zhu xu acted in
what hong kong films has lily young acted in
what countries have territories in oceania?
when did Bill Clinton graduated from Georgetown University?
what did Neil Armstrong say when he landed on the moon?
who played dana scully in x files?
who played neurologist oliver sacks in the 1990 film awakenings?
who was governor of oregon when the naked gun was released?
who won best original song when boris kaufman won best cinematography?
who are the u s senators of pennsylvania?
what vegetables can i plant in november in southern california?
who fought in the gulf war 1991?
what team did Messi play for in 2010?
who plays chuck bass in gossip girl?
what school did martin luther king jr received his doctorate degree from?
what super bowl did peyton manning win?
which james bond movies has claudine auger starred in
which album did kathleen hanna release in 1997
who was president after franklin d. roosevelt?
what superman actors birthday is on 31st july?
what did Dmitri Mendeleev Discover in 1869?
what character is Nicki Minaj in Ice Age 4?
who are the virginia senators 2013?
who was with president lincoln when he was assassinated?
what team did messi play for in 2010?
which tv shows has alastair mackenzie starred in
when was the last time the dallas cowboys won the superbowl?
what are the most popular religions in israel?
who is the highest paid in arsenalfc?
who does Nicolas Cage play in a Christmas Carol?
what year did the golden state warriors win their first nba championship?
which academic institution did william george clark attend
who was governor of louisiana during hurricane katrina
which state did anne hutchinson found?
what character did Robert Pattinson play in Harry Potter?
who is the composer of call on me?
who was the character blackie parish on general hospital related to on the show?
what was pink floyd's first album?
what character did Tom Hanks play in Apollo 13?
what years did joe montana win super bowl?
who does jeremy shockey play for in 2012?
what country did the Mongols conquer in 1240?
what was herbert hoover best known for?
who is the richest person 2015?
what team did peyton manning's dad play for?
who was president in 1988 in the united states?
what team is reggie bush on 2011?
who does Donnie Wahlberg play in the Sixth Sense?
which album did mark pickerel release in may 2006
who is an original law order cast member carey lowell sam waterston chris noth benjamin bratt?
what team does David Beckham play for in 2012?
what club does Cristiano Ronaldo play for in 2010?
who plays anakin skywalker in star wars 1?
who does Mila Kunis play on family guy?
where do most illegal immigrants in the us come from?
who was the vice president under ronald reagan?
what state was taylor ashley parks born in?
who is the minority leader of the house of representatives now?
what is the dominant religion in the us?
who won fedex cup 2012?
what type of cancer did eva peron have?
who was vice president when jfk was president?
who plays bilbo baggins in the hobbit?
who plays eowyn in lord of the rings?
who plays lex luthor on smallville?
which book did william faulkner write in 1942
who plays roxanne in ghost rider?
who is the first communist chairman in prc?
when was the first Christmas celebrated in the US?
who wrote the screenplay for the movie a boy named charlie brown
